

  
 
 
H
OW TO BE A 3% MAN 
Winning the Heart of the Woman of Your Dreams 
By Corey Wayne 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
© 2006 Corey Wayne 
ISBN # 978-1-4116-7336-6 
All Rights Reserved

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HONOR 
 
This book is dedicated to the American soldier. No 
matter whether the cause is popular or not, I am in awe 
of the fact that when their country calls them, they go, 
and they go willingly. They take our place on the 
battlefield, risking everything they have, because it is 
part of who they are. They all are my heroes and I owe 
all of my success, happiness, and opportunities to past, 
present, and future generations of their kind.  May god 
keep them safe and speed the day to us when their 
sacrifice is no longer required because humanity has 
learned that the real enemy is hatred itself and the way 
to real happiness is unconditional love.  Until that day 
comes I take great pride and comfort in knowing they 
will continue to stand up and show us what real honor 
and integrity is.  I dedicate my life to helping bring 
humanity closer together, and always giving my gifts to 
the world in hopes that I may honor all of their 
collective sacrifices so they are not in vain. 
 

 
  

 
iii 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 
I would like to thank my mother who taught me to be so 
determined and never give up no ma tter what. I would also like to 
thank Tony Robbins for being such a great leader and mentor in my 
life. Tony you are the kindest and most loving man I have ever met 
and am grateful to the example you are to all of us by demonstrating 
what we are all truly capable of becoming. I would also like to thank 
my dad for teaching me the difference between right and wrong. I am 
grateful for the close relationship we have today – I love you very 
much. I also would like my brother Chris to know how proud I am to 
have you as my brother. All you have gone through to achieve your 
dreams is inspiring to me. I love you very much. 
For all the women in my life who have helped me become the 
man I am today: I am grateful. Jodi Barley, I love you dearly and will 
always cherish our friendship. Thank you for being the first one I got 
to experience true love with. Ainslie Rayne, you are my little princess 
and I love you with all my heart.  You are growing up so fast and I 
treasure every moment we spend together. Last but not least Katie 
Chimes. Together we had an amazing, loving, and effortless 
relationship. The kind I always be lieved was possible and got to 
experience for the first time with you. I treasure our friendship and 
will love you always. 
I would also like to express my gratitude to you, the reader. You 
are embarking on a journey that w ill change the world. By becoming 
the loving person you are inside and being comfortable with that 
person, you unconsciously give per mission to all others to do the 
same. Your children will grow up in a household where they get to see 

 
iv  
first hand what a truly unconditional,  loving relationship is like. 
Therefore they will go out into the world and model your success. This 
will continue to impact society for generations to come and start 
reducing the amount of dysfunctional relationships that exist today. 
 The benefits will be too far reaching to imagine. The surface 
benefits will be happier  kids, aunts, uncles, grandparents, parents, 
teachers, workers, etc., which will translate into le ss crime, less hate, 
more understanding, and a world that  continues to come closer and 
closer together in love until one day hatred becomes a thing of the 
past. The light always scatters the darkness. The higher energy of love 
always replaces the lower energies of hate and resentment. 

 
v 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Part I: In the Beginning 1 
Introduction................................................................................1 
Why This Book Was Written.....................................................5 
My Story ....................................................................................7 
Why You Need to Read This Book More than Once ..............15 
Part II: The Way Things Are 25 
My Evolution of Understanding ..............................................25 
Why Not to Get Advice from Women about Women .............29 
Why Women Want to Chase You............................................30 
Why Not to Get Dating Advice from Friends..........................33 
How Many Healthy Relationships Do You See Out There? ...34 
Perceptions of Control .............................................................36 
Masculine and Feminine Energy .............................................37 
Part III: The Art of Understanding 41 
Looking for Love .....................................................................41 
Don’t Be So Serious.................................................................42 
Compliments: From the Beginning..........................................46 
What Women Emotionally Respond To ..................................47 
Women Fall in Love a Lot Slower Than Men .........................51 
Women Are Like Cats, Men Are Like Dogs ...........................54 
Knocking out the Competition.................................................56

 
vi  
Part IV: It’s Not All About You ............................61 
Making Your Ideal Woman’s List of Qualities .......................61 
Becoming the Person You Want to Attract..............................64 
Where Do You Meet Women? ................................................68 
Meeting Women on the Internet ..............................................70 
Dealing with Insecurity............................................................71 
Control Freaks and Abusive Men ............................................73 
The Need for Certainty ............................................................74 
Staying On Track .....................................................................77 
The Purpose of All Relationships ............................................78 
Making Lasting Change...........................................................80 
Part V: Making Your Move 85 
Approaching the Beautiful Woman .........................................85 
The Path to Success .................................................................89 
The Many Shades of “No”.......................................................97 
Again – It’s Not All About You ..............................................99 
Handling the Pressure points .................................................101 
Timing is Everything .............................................................103 
The Test of Time....................................................................105 
Approaching a Woman Through Internet Dating ..................119 
It’s All in the Numbers ..........................................................120 
Part VI: The First Step 131 
Your First Date ......................................................................131 
Do’s and Don’ts of the First Date..........................................133 
The Secret of Dating ..............................................................134 
The Kiss Test .........................................................................140 
The Right Approach...............................................................144 

 
vii 
Part VII: Keep It Steady! 151 
Continue the Mystery.............................................................151 
The Pursuit.............................................................................152 
Moving Into Relationships.....................................................159 
Testing During the First 60 Days...........................................161 
The Big Bounce .....................................................................165 
The “L” Word ........................................................................167 
Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 169 
Pay Attention! ........................................................................169 
The Art of Communication....................................................175 
The Art of Knowing...............................................................182 
Weathering the Storm ............................................................184 
Women Don’t Lie – Men Don’t Listen..................................189 
The Secret Language of Women............................................189 
Part IX: Taking It to the Next Level 193 
Sharing of Yourself................................................................193 
The Gift..................................................................................196 
It Feels Like Making Love.....................................................198 
The Final Commitment..........................................................202 

 
viii  
Part X: Keeping It All Together 205 
The Care and Feeding of Women ..........................................205 
Keeping the Magic Alive.......................................................208 
Polarity is the Key to Maintaining Desire..............................212 
You Become Comfortable Being Yourself............................218 
The Many Faces of Endings ..................................................219 
The Ten Disciplines of Love..................................................221 
Conclusion 227 

 
1 
PART I: IN THE BEGINNING 
Introduction 
The beginning. That is the place where men need to get back to in 
order to make the changes needed to win the heart of the woman of 
their dreams. It is a time to go back and decide what you really want, 
who you really are, and what you plan to do with the wealth of 
information that I will be teaching you throughout this book. 
As the story goes, in the beginning there was only one man, 
Adam, and there was one special lady, Eve, created just for him. Life 
would be so much simpler if that were the case for us today. No muss 
and fuss of dating, no worry that our lady is going to walk out the door 
and into the arms of another man – there was no other man.  
Here is the greatest thing about this book. While you may not be 
able to “create” that one special lady just for you, I am going to teach 
you what to look for in a woman, and how to find and attract the 
woman that you ideally want. When  you finally do meet her, I am 
going to teach you how to approach her. You will learn what to say, 
and especially what not to say to turn her off. Basically, what I will be 
teaching you is the art of being a 3% man. 
The next obvious question is: Okay, what is a 3% man?  This is a 
very important concept in what you will be learning over the course of 
this book. I am not trying to tell you to be only 3% man and open the 
rest of your masculinity to explor e your feminine side. The 3% man is 
one of those 3 men out of 100 that  a woman meets and is drawn to 

How To Be A 3% Man 
2  
because he is one of those 3 me n out of every 100 that understands 
who she is and better yet, understands who he is. 
Why does being in this 3% matter? Simply, it matters because that 
is the man that women are drawn to. One of the most important things 
to understand when you meet a woma n is that women love mystery. 
They love a guy that is a challenge. They love a guy that is confident. 
They want a man that is centered, one that is in control of himself, has 
his purpose, and knows where he is going. A woman wants a man she 
can’t have her way with, and no matter what she says or does, she is 
not going to be able to sway him from his path or from his purpose in 
life. 
Be honest, gentlemen, if you did not care at all, you would not 
have picked up this book. Obviously, something is not working with 
what you are already doing. Women love men that understand them. If 
you ask most guys if they understand women, they look at you like 
you are speaking a foreign language. Most guys are clueless in that 
department. 
What this book will do for you is to give you more than just a 
clue. It will give you a whole new insight into understanding women. I 
will take you through the process of understanding, step-by-simple-
step. This book was designed to give you the answers to the questions 
you have about women in dating, in relationships, and in general. This 
book will help to lift the cloudy haze that surrounds the mysteries of 
the dating world and understanding women, and will give you clear 
insight to your goals. 
I will explain why women fall for the jerks and blow off the nice 
guys. You will learn to understand the meaning of everything she says 
to you. I will take you from the in itial moment of meeting your dream 

Part I: In the Beginning 
3 
lady to the day you walk down the aisle to get married and live happily 
ever after. The best is yet to come. I will also teach you, once you land 
Mrs. Right, how to keep her madly in love with you so that you do live 
happily ever after. 
In this book, you will learn things that many women do not even 
understand about themselves. Why do women say they want one thing 
and then respond to another? Most important of all, I will teach you 
how to win the heart of the beautiful woman of your dreams. That is 
not a misprint. If you allow yourself to take my guidance and are 
willing to learn, I will give you the skills and tools to help you finally 
understand women and have the relationship of your dreams. 
What you will learn from me is what only 3 out of every 100 men 
know, and that is how to understand women. Once you understand and 
apply the principles in this book to your dating and relationships, you 
will be in the top 3% of men out there. You can be confident that you 
will have little or no competition when you finally target the woman of 
your desires. 
You do not have to look like Brad Pitt to own the heart of a 
beautiful woman. If you are single, there is an amazingly beautiful 
woman out there, desperate to meet the man you really are on the 
inside. I will teach you how to become balanced, centered, and 
confident with women, and to no longer be intimidated by them, even 
the beautiful ones. 
Some of the things I will teach y ou in order to become successful 
with women may seem the opposite of what you think you should do. 
If you want to meet and own the heart of the woman of your dreams, 
or get your wife to fall back in love with you, then this book in your 
hands is the key to that kingdom. These principles apply to women 

How To Be A 3% Man 
4  
everywhere in the world, and they cut across all geographic and 
cultural guidelines. 
It starts before you ever even meet a woman that you want to date. 
You first need to learn how to attract the right woman into your life. 
Once you meet her, you have to know what to say, what not to say, 
and how to get her information so you can later call and take her out 
on a date. 
Then comes the next step – how long after you get her 
information should you wait to call? Do you call her the next day? Do 
you wait a week? Do you call her in two days? What do you do? 
From the time you meet your lady to the point where you’ve been 
together for ten years or more, you are always going to be gauging 
what her level of interest is in y ou, and what her emotional interest is 
in you. The simple principle that all this is based upon is that when 
women have a high level of interest in you, they help you. In other 
words, if you just met a woman and you want to ask her out on a date, 
she is going to help you get to her front door. She will make it easy for 
you. 
The lower her level of interest is, the harder it is going to be to get 
to her front door, if at all. So thr oughout this process of going back to 
the beginning and re-learning how to approach women, you will be 
learning what to say, how to say it, and you will know how to respond 
to her questions and her tests. Make no mistake – all women test. They 
test because they want to know what it is that you are made of. They 
want to know that if they push you or lean on you, that you are not 
going to fall over and cave in to what they want. 

Part I: In the Beginning 
5 
Why This Book Was Written 
Let me ask you a few questions and see whether or not they hit 
close to home for you: 
• Are you one of those guys that has said more than once: 
Why is it that the women I want never want me, and the 
ones I don’t want are crazy about me? 
• Have you met a beautiful woman that you just knew 
was your soulmate and she would never give you your 
first date or go out with you on a second date? 
• Have you ever asked a woman why she would not go 
out with you and she never gives you what seems to be 
a straight answer? 
• Have you ever felt that a woman really liked you and 
she even gave you her phone number, but then would 
never go out with you? 
• Do you feel like women have been giving you the run 
around? 
• Have you ever had a girlfriend say to you: Can we just 
be friends? 
• Has she ever said she just wanted to be friends after 
telling you a few weeks before that she loved you? 
• Are you in a relationship that is not going well and you 
have no clue how to turn it around? 
• Has your wife or girlfriend of how ever many years 
stopped being the feminine woman you fell in love 
with? 
• Has your wife or girlfriend ever uttered those fateful 
words: You never listen to me? 

How To Be A 3% Man 
6  
• Has your wife left you and you are still trying to figure 
out what the hell happened? 
• Has a woman ever said things to you that just do not 
make sense? 
• Has your girlfriend or wife ever said it was okay for 
you to do something and then you did it and she was 
pissed off? 
• Are you totally confused about women and feel as 
though you do not have a clue how to understand them? 
• Have you ever had a woman break a date and tell you 
she really wanted to see you, but you could never seem 
to coordinate that date to go out with her? 
• Have you ever made a date with a lady and she told you 
to call before you came to pick her up, and then could 
never get her to pick up her phone again? 
• Do you feel like women in general do not make any 
sense, that they say one thing and do another, or make 
you feel as though they like you and then never will go 
out with you? 
• Do you feel like nothing you do seems to make your 
lady happy even when you do what she says she wants? 
• After all your years of dating do you feel like you still 
have never been able to get the type of lady you know 
in your heart you really want and deserve? 
• Are you a really nice guy that always gets dumped for 
the bad boy by your ladies? 
• Have you ever seen a drop dead gorgeous woman with 
a man that is…well let’s say challenged in the looks 
department and wonde red to yourself: How did he do 
that? 

Part I: In the Beginning 
7 
This book is for those guys that have met a woman and could not 
ever seem to get to her front porch. It is for those guys that have 
maybe met a woman, went out on a first date and thought everything 
was great, but then cannot seem to ev er get her on the phone again. It 
is for those guys who have met a woman they thought seemed really 
interested and she gave them a phone number, but then they cannot 
seem to get her on the phone, or she is always busy. It is for those guys 
that may have been dating a woman for a while and were spending a 
lot of time together, but then all of the sudden she started cutting the 
dates short, she has other things going on, or she is just not as available 
as she used to be. 
This book is also for guys that are married. The first thing a 3% 
man learns is that the courtship never stops. This book is for those 
guys that may have been married for some time and now your wife 
does not ever want to touch you. It is for those guys that maybe want 
to take their wives out to dinner a nd find that their women never want 
to spend any time with them. 
I used to be one of those guys. Let me share My Story: 
Growing up I remember having a lot of crushes on girls, but never 
getting the ones I wanted. When I tried to get the ones I wanted, my 
heart was usually stomped on. In high  school, I would write letters to 
girls I liked or get my friends to ask them out for me. I was so scared 
of rejection I could barely talk to the ones I was really interested in. I 
felt completely inadequate around women in general. 
Ever so slowly, I overcame my fear of just talking to them and 
took the safe approach by repressing my feelings. I decided to take the 
friendship route to their heart. I i nvested months in this process and 

How To Be A 3% Man 
8  
when I could no longer take it, I would tell them how I really felt. For 
some strange reason they still wanted to just be friends. 
At the time I did not get it. Let me rephrase that: I did not have a 
clue! My senior high school prom was interesting. I had a crush on a 
girl in my class who had a boyfriend. While at a party I asked another 
girl I liked to go to prom and her response was: I don’t know you very 
well. 
In my infinite wisdom, I tried to reason with her and convince her 
to say yes. My assurances that we would get to know each other at 
prom and that I had a lot of popular friends did not seem sway her. I 
could not understand her logic. My thought was: Hey, I’m a Senior 
and she’s only a Junior. 
It didn’t make sense to me. Here  is the first clue, guys, her 
response actually meant: No thank you, I am not interested in going 
out with you or getting to know you at all.  So why did she not just 
come right out and say that? 
We’ll get to that a little later. Back to prom: A friend of a friend 
set me up with yet another friend as  a blind prom date. Well, once we 
pulled up in the limo to pick her up I realized she was much taller than 
I was. She was a volley ball player and a very nice girl, just like her 
friend said she was. We had fun together.  
The next morning I realized why she set me up with her very tall 
friend. She had ulterior motives. My friend Carl’s date had asked him 
to the prom. Carl had asked me to ask one of the cheerleaders that was 
a friend of mine to prom for him. She said: No thanks. 
He was the type of friend that would do anything for anyone. He 
was a great guy, but unfortunately he knew as much about women as I 

Part I: In the Beginning 
9 
did, which was nothing. The girl th at went with Carl only wanted 
someone to go with; she had no real interest in him. Carl promptly 
decided to fall in love with her. Once we were all back at the hotel 
Carl got pretty upset when he tried to make his move and got rejected. 
He had a lot to drink and kept going on and on about how he had been 
rejected by his date to everyone he saw. 
Our senior class had the whole floor of the hotel. You can imagine 
what was going on with all those unsupervised drunk teenagers. The 
next morning, I woke up to my feet being rubbed by the friend that had 
set me up with my prom  date. She was dating another friend of mine 
and apparently had a crush on me. 
At the time I thought: Great, another one who wants me that I 
don’t want her, and the one I do want is with someone else.  I had a 
crush on someone else who had a boyfriend. That’s pretty much how 
my life went on for a few years after that. I seemed to always want a 
girl that was unavailable or had no interest in me. I figured over time 
she would fall for me. If I could just be a nice enough guy, then she 
would like me. It never worked. Nice gu ys always seem to finish last. 
Why is that?  
I kept trying to figure women out. I became better at approaching 
them with time, but back then I used alcohol to overcome my 
insecurities. In the next few paragraphs I have included brief stories of 
the ones I felt were turning points in my life or when I learned a great 
deal more that helped to lift the cloudy veil from my understanding of 
women. 
When I was 24, I met a girl that was a friend of one of my best 
buddies. I was instantly enamored with her and better yet, she really 
seemed to like me. I got her numbe r and called her at work and she 

How To Be A 3% Man 
10  
said she would call me back later. The next day she actually did call 
me back. I was stunned. I had a live one! 
She did a lot of the talking. I didn’t say much at the time because I 
was in shock. I just kept asking questions because I wanted to know 
everything about her. To me she was a perfect 10: Long, dark, straight 
hair, beautiful hazel eyes, very tan skin, 105 pounds and 5’-2”. She 
was really sweet and friendly and very forward. She asked me if I 
wanted to go to lunch, and I told her I would have to check my 
schedule and get back to her. 
I am kidding. I made plans right there on the spot. I was a project 
engineer at the time for a construction company in Ft. Lauderdale, 
Florida, working with a project right on the ocean. She showed up for 
our date, on time, and in this unbelievably tight out fit with very short 
shorts showing her amazingly heavenly figure off. She took my breath 
away, as well as that of everyone else sitting at the conference table in 
the onsite construction office. 
I felt like I was walking on air as I casually strolled over to give 
her a hug. She smelled like candy. When we walked outside, she was 
chatting away and touching my arm. She just seemed so happy to be 
there with me. I was in shock and my stomach was in knots. We sat 
there and had lunch I was in awe. G od had finally blessed me with the 
woman of my dreams, and one who amazingly enough seemed so 
interested in me. 
After the date, I did nothing a ll afternoon except fantasize about 
how the rest of my life was going to be: Where we were going to live, 
how beautiful our kids were going to  be, what it would be like making 
love to her, and on and on. She cal led me later on that night and we 
talked for hours. As the days went by she just kept calling me and was 

Part I: In the Beginning 
11 
really aggressive. We went out for lunch the next week and met out for 
drinks a few times. 
I remember one night when I t ook another guy friend and met her 
out at a night club her father owned. She seemed to know everyone 
there. Every time we got to talking, someone else would take her away 
from our conversation. After a wh ile my friend wanted to go 
somewhere else. I hadn’t seen her fo r a while, so we left. Early the 
next morning she called and asked: Where did you go last night? I was 
looking everywhere for you. My only thought was: What? 
The night before I had felt as though I was just another guy and 
she had lost interest in me. I put it off as a figment of my imagination 
and I was back in the game. This went on for a few more weeks until 
all her calling stopped. I called her and received no answer. The next 
day she called me at home and left a message to say she was calling 
me back. She knew I wasn’t home and would be at work. She usually 
called my pager when she wanted to get a hold of me. 
Finally, she no longer returned my calls. I was devastated. My 
dream girl did not want me. I wa s stunned. I sent her flowers. She 
called to say thanks but then gave  me an answer I didn’t understand 
when I asked her to go out with me again. Needless to say, she no 
longer wanted anything to do with me. It hurt even more when I heard 
she was dating another guy. I thought: How could she just toss me 
aside like that? 
About six months later I met the girl who would become my first 
wife. We met on a Friday night. I was leaving our favorite hangout 
with my friend Sean, and a mutual friend of ours P.K. ran after me to 
tell me that her friend Shane really had the hots for me and wanted to 
meet me. Sean and I walked back in and I confidently strode up to her. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
12  
I really wanted to leave, but I thought: Hey, this cute girl really 
likes me. So I gave her my business card and told her to call me. She 
replied: I don’t call guys, so here is your card back and I’ll give you 
my phone number if you like.  I was a little surprised, but I took her 
number. I called her early the next week to ask her out and talked to 
her mother. I never heard back from her. 
The following Friday I ran into P.K. again and she asked: What 
ever happened with Shane?  I told her I had left a message with 
Shane’s mother and never heard back from her. P.K. said: I guarantee 
she did not get the message because her parents never tell her when 
someone calls for her. She told me I needed to call her again. 
Early the next week I called and actually got her on the phone. We 
made a date for that Thursday. We went out and had a really good 
time. 
We dated for about a year and a ha lf, and then I decided I wanted 
to move to Orlando because I just loved everything about the city. 
Everything was new and growing and I just felt like it was the place 
for me. Shane told me the only way she would move to Orlando is if 
we were engaged to get married. So I went ahead and bought an 
engagement ring. 
After getting the ring, I remember feeling as though it was not the 
right thing to do, and that I was not ready to get married. I didn’t want 
to lose my relationship with Shane and proposed anyways. Even 
afterwards I had doubts. After talkin g to my friends, I came to the 
conclusion that I just had cold feet. 
We did get married, but it was a difficult marriage. I wasn’t happy 
in my career and wanted to start my own business. Neither one of us 
was fulfilled in the relationship with each other. A little over a year 

Part I: In the Beginning 
13 
after getting married we were down in Ft. Lauderdale at my friend 
Sean’s wedding. I went out for a night on the town with P.K.’s 
husband and a friend of mine, Alan, while our wives stayed home. 
We ran into two sisters we had go ne to high school with. One of 
them I had had a huge crush on. We were both exploring spirituality 
and had an amazing conversation. She had been a cheerleader and I 
remember sitting there thinking about how I didn’t feel this way about 
my wife. A few weeks later I decided it wasn’t fair to either one of us 
to stay together. I was not giving her the love she deserved. It was the 
hardest thing I ever had to do, but I told her I did not want to stay 
together. We remained friends until she moved back home a few years 
later and we lost touch. 
I was free, or so I thought. Free to find the type of woman I knew 
I really deserved and desperately want ed to be with. I did not date, or 
even want to date, for about six mont hs. I just wanted to heal and get 
clear. I focused on my new business and personal growth. 
When I felt ready, I started working on trying to find the type of 
woman I really wanted to be with. It was not long before I met one. 
From the moment I laid eyes on her she took my breath away. There 
was only one small problem. She had a boyfriend. I thought: Just my 
luck. Yet another woman I want that is unavailable. 
Do you see a pattern here? I con tinued to date other women and 
about two years after meeting her, she became single again. I was at 
the bar where she worked and she was telling me that she had recently 
broken up with her boyfriend. I aske d her for her number as usual and 
almost fell over when she gave it to me. I couldn’t believe it. So I 
called her the next day and we set a date for a Saturday. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
14  
I took her out on my jet ski’s, wh ich were at a friend’s lakefront 
house. We rode around on the water all day, stopping at a lakeside 
restaurant for lunch. For only the second time in my life I was on a 
date with the type of woman I really wanted to be with. The day was 
perfect and I was on cloud nine. I st arted fantasizing again about the 
future, what our kids would be like,  where we would live, and what a 
fabulous life I would have with her. 
Well, she was leaving on vacation and would be gone for a week. 
So when I thought she would be back, I sent her an email. I didn’t hear 
from her for a couple of days. I thought she had blown me off. I was 
hurt, so I wrote a long nasty email accusing her of mistreating me and 
made an ass of myself. When she did finally get back in town, she sent 
a nasty email in return and told me to get lost. I tried apologizing for 
months afterwards but it did not do any good. She would not take my 
calls or return my emails. So there I was: Strike Two. I resolved not to 
get married again unless I found the type of woman I really wanted 
and knew I deserved. 
When I was 30, I started picking through all the information I 
could get my hands on about how to  understand women. Some of it 
went against everything I had believed to be right. My success with the 
ones I really wanted never got past the first few weeks, so I felt I had 
nothing to lose and everything to gain to try some of the information 
out. 
I read some of the books and website articles out there and 
thought: Now I have it!  I went out and started applying the principals 
and was amazed at how my being a challenge had a positive effect on 
the ladies’ interest level. I dated one who claimed to have posed for 
Playboy. On our first date, she showed me the pictures to get my 

Part I: In the Beginning 
15 
opinion, expecting me to drool. I thought to myself: Oh, my – those 
can’t be real!  I maintained my composure and said they were nicely 
done. 
After a few weeks, I realized that although she was physically a 
10, everything else in her life was not exactly what I was looking for. I 
never called her again. For the first time, I blew off a beautiful woman. 
Now I started thinking that I really understood women and was a little 
full of myself. A few weeks later, I met a girl who just blew me away. 
I was intoxicated with her beauty and sex appeal. 
We dated for a few weeks, and then things started getting a little 
squirrelly. She started out calling me everyday, and I acted as though I 
knew what was really going on, even though I still had a lot to learn. 
Then she became less available and started telling me things that 
didn’t make any sense when I aske d her out. One example I remember 
is: I’m not sure where I am able to be at this time in my life.  I thought 
to myself: What the hell does that mean?  She told me about an 
operation she might have to have and other things going on that were 
supposedly hindering her spending time with me. She never did have 
the operation and I heard from mutual friends that she had been out on 
the town with an ex-boyfriend. 
Why You Need To Read This Book More Than Once 
So I picked up my stack of books again, and must have read 
through them 15 times. I found that I had missed a lot of information. 
Studies show that people retain onl y 7-10% of what they read after 
reading it. That is why I am going to recommend you read this book 

How To Be A 3% Man 
16  
10-15 times if you really want to unde rstand this material and have the 
relationship of your dreams. 
I started applying the material I learned in earnest. It took about a 
month and a half of playing it cool un til she went out with me again. It 
took me a year and a half to mast er the tools and techniques and get 
her to fall in love with me. I had fi nally done it. I got the lady of my 
dreams. We dated for about two years, and to this day are still great 
friends. I still spend some days with her daughter playing the role of a 
pseudo step dad. The relationship I have with them both has enriched 
my life with so much love and happiness, for which I am grateful. 
After going through this whole process, I learned some valuable 
lessons about myself. My own in securities and doubts about being 
enough of a man to attract the lady  of my dreams had all been an 
illusion. I no longer feared beautiful women and was a completely 
centered and confident man. I notice as I walk around, whether in the 
mall, or grocery store, or wherev er, I now get a lot of looks from 
women, whereas before they never seemed to notice. 
Women have invisible radar that can feel a confident, centered 
man approaching. It’s an amazing feeling to be able to walk up to any 
woman I want and strike up a conver sation. It has been a long journey 
to get to this place. The next lady I met became my girlfriend for a 
year. With her I had an amazing relationship from the start. 
Back in October, 2004, I sat down and made my list of the ideal 
woman that I wanted to bring into my life. In December 2004, about 
six weeks later, I went to an Tony Robbins event in Palm Springs, 
California called: Date with Destiny. It was a week-long event. 
I remember walking in and they had these little ping pong balls. 
You would write your name on it and they assigned you a number. 

Part I: In the Beginning 
17 
This was for various drawings that they would be holding during the 
duration of the event. When you went to put it into the tumbler, they 
told you: Put a good intention behind it! The only prize I really wanted 
was to bring a new woman into my life – a soulmate. That was the 
intention that I put into my ball as I threw it into the tumbler. 
The next day, which was actually the first day of the event, I saw 
this girl walk in. She was stunning and tiny, about 5’2. She just sort of 
strode into the room and sat down in the front row. I was sitting 
directly behind her. At that point, I didn’t get much of a glimpse of her 
face, but her body was perfect. Her pants were so tight that they 
looked to be painted on her, and sh e had the most perfect figure I had 
ever seen in my entire life. 
At a Tony Robbins event, every 20-30 minutes or so, he has the 
participants stand up, stretch out, and get the blood flowing to keep 
you alert and awake to the information you are receiving. It was during 
a stretch break that she stood up and turned around, making eye 
contact with me. She had these big, beautiful brown eyes and long, 
straight blond hair. To me, she was physically perfect – everything that 
I had put on my list just six weeks before. I knew instantly that she 
was interested and that I was going to get to know her. Unfortunately, 
she left before the event was over th e first night, so we didn’t get a 
chance to meet. The event lasted five days and there were only 1500 
people attending, so I knew we would meet again before the event was 
over. 
The next night I was coming out of the dining room of a restaurant 
at the hotel and there she was talking to her uncle, who was a friend of 
mine. At the time, I had no idea they were related. I went over and 
started talking to my friend, and no ticed her looking at me the whole 

How To Be A 3% Man 
18  
time. I finally turned and asked her name, and then she asked mine. 
She also told me that she had noticed me sitting behind her the day 
before, and described what I had been  wearing. That, in and of itself 
told me that she definitely had a high interest level. 
Here is one of the first points I would like to emphasize, 
gentlemen. With her eye contact, he r body language, her noticing of 
me, and many other little signs, I knew without a doubt that she had 
that high level of interest. I had come to a place in my life where I had 
been living these things for so long that my own personal radar was 
sharp. Just by looking at her, and feeling the way she looked at me, I 
instantly knew she had that high level of interest. I also somehow 
knew she was single. This is the place where you can get to, if you 
follow this material. It’s a place where you don’t have to think about it 
any more, it just becomes a part of who and what you are. You walk 
around with this total air of confidence, and women will notice. 
I looked right at her and asked her to dinner the next night, with a 
specific time and place. She will tell you that my presence and 
confidence left her no choice but to accept. She told me that no one 
had ever asked her out by being so di rect and sure of himself. She also 
told me later that guys had been coming up to her all week, with the: 
Hey, would you like to get dinner or lunch and get to know each other  
type of line. But the way they went about it said immediately that they 
were weak, and had no confidence. They weren’t direct, and they gave 
no specifics, leaving it wide open. I just said: Let’s go to dinner, at this 
time, at this place, and she went along with it. 
We met the next night after the event was over and never did 
order dinner. We ended up having t ea all night. We were talking so 
much, or I should say, she was talking so much. I let her do about 80% 

Part I: In the Beginning 
19 
of the talking, and I just kept asking her questions. I was totally 
fascinated by her. At about thr ee o’clock in the morning when the 
cleaning crew started cleaning the carpet; we finally felt it was time to 
go. As we stood up to leave, I couldn’t help myself. I reached across 
the table and started kissing her. Th en I walked her back to her hotel 
down the street. 
The rest of the week we were al ways with each other, as though 
we had been together for years. Ev en others who saw us thought we 
had been together for years. It was so effortless. We were holding 
hands and we were affectionate. I had no doubt of myself, I showed no 
fear, and I showed zero lack of confidence because of the little known 
secrets I had mastered. Because of the presence that I exuded, she 
hardly tested me at all. 
We spent months at a time together over the next year. We 
explored various places – Paris, London, Colorado, sharing new 
discoveries around us and in each other. We had a lot of similar 
interests, and she was into pers onal growth and development. We 
communicated, which is a major point  in relationships. I always knew 
where she was at, and how she felt toward me. I knew how to 
continually read her interest level,  and how to see signs when I was 
becoming too complacent in the relationship. 
Eventually we ended up going our separate ways. Neither of us 
was ready to make a commitment into marriage, and she went back to 
school in the U.K. I couldn’t go from seeing her for several months at 
a time to seeing her for ten days every three months. I needed more 
than that. When we did end the relationship, it was hard. It was hardest 
because we both truly loved each other – and we still do. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
20  
Our whole time together while dating was effortless. We never 
fought or argued. We were always  affectionate, loving, kind, and 
focused on giving to one another. We never focused on what we were 
getting from each other, or were je alous or needy. It was all about 
loving each other unconditionally a nd never being judgmental. Even 
when we decided to end our intimate relationship and see other people, 
we did it with love. 
If two people truly love each other and want to be happy with 
their choice to go their separate ways, I do not think it is the loving 
thing to do to cut one another off from all communication. I actually 
think that makes it harder to heal. The hard part about a relationship 
ending is the finality of it all. Going from being each others’ best 
friends to no longer speaking is not being loving in my opinion. It just 
seeks to hurt the other person. Many people feel that trying to hurt the 
other person will make them feel better. 
I think sharing your feelings with each other when a relationship 
ends is very helpful a nd important to the healing process. The purpose 
of an intimate relationship, in my opi nion, is to love each other and to 
help each other grow and become more. The only thing we lost when 
our relationship ended was the physical intimacy. 
Any relationship is about giving. It is not about what you get. We 
decided we wanted to give a little differently than we did before. By 
loving each other through the transition, there was no need to hurt or 
feel a loss. The things that make a relationship hurt when it ends is the 
loss of all contact with the person we love. We built on what we had 
created in our year together, and therefore there was nothing to lose. 
Once guys really understand women and are able to get into a 
relationship, they will eventually realize, like I did, that every 

Part I: In the Beginning 
21 
relationship is an opportunity for growth. Just because you absolutely 
adore and treasure the person you’re  with, it doesn’t mean that you 
will spend the rest of your life with that person, or even marry them. 
I read once that only 3% or 3 out of 100 men understand women. 
In my experience, this is an accurate figure. If you want relationship 
heartaches to be over and become one of the 3% of men that 
understand women, then read and appl y the principals that are here. 
Then go back and read them again to retain the knowledge. When you 
think you have it down pat, read it again. 
These are principals that I have  learned from numerous sources 
and applied in my own life. I know they work and in the following 
pages you will find the truth to finally understanding women. I will not 
only give you the simple “how to” examples, but I will explain why 
things are the way they are from an emotional, spiritual, physical, and 
mental point of view. 
The purpose of my life is to help others grow and become more. 
By understanding this, you can at least be in a relationship with 
someone that you absolutely love, tr easure, and adore. They can help 
you to become and understand the ty pe of man that you are totally 
capable of becoming. At the same time, you inspire and help her grow 
into everything she is capable of becoming as a woman. If the 
relationship reaches a point where it is not an opportunity for both 
people to continue growing together, then it’s time to move on. 
I have done all the hard work a nd spent many years of heartache 
and heartbreak to learn and unders tand this knowledge. If you choose 
to have faith and apply what you learn here, you will become attuned 
and will be able to read exactly what is going on with your lady 

How To Be A 3% Man 
22  
emotionally at every moment a nd completely understand what she 
needs. It will put you in the driver’s seat in your intimate relationships. 
You will be able to help your friends and family overcome their 
relationship struggles as well. Howe ver, I have found that very few 
people actually are open to learning new relationship skills. While you 
are learning this information and applying it, do not seek the advice of 
your friends unless you are 100% certa in they understand women. It is 
very simple – unless they have th e kind of relationship you wish to 
create in your own life, don’t ask them for advice. 
Enjoy the knowledge that appears in the following pages and I 
want you to know I have immense love, respect, and care for you and 
your desire to have the relationship of your dreams. I was once 
searching like you are now. I wanted to find the answer. I found a lot 
of answers from a lot of different sources and have put down in these 
pages the best of the information that I personally use myself. 
It is important for you to understand that you should not read this 
book and then go out and settle down with the first woman you meet. 
This book is about finding the type of woman you feel you deserve to 
be with. Those feelings may change and evolve over time, as you 
change and evolve as a person. You may find the absolute perfect 
woman for you on day one, and then six months later realize that there 
are subtle differences you would make that would create an even better 
situation for you. It’s about constantly refining your criteria, and in the 
meantime, having the experiences you need to get out of the way, so 
you can eventually focus 100% on the woman of your dreams. You 
won’t have to spend yo ur time with her wondering if the grass is 
greener on the other side of the fence. You will have been on the other 
side and experienced it. 

Part I: In the Beginning 
23 
I will focus on giving you tools for lasting change so you can 
permanently undo your not-so-desira ble habits and bring out the 
amazing man you are inside – the one that all women are just dying to 
meet. The great news is that you already have this natural talent and 
ability inside. If you will allow me to coach you how to be comfortable 
being yourself, then you can be a 3% man and you will own the heart 
of your lady for life. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
24  

 
25 
PART II: THE WAY THINGS ARE 
My Evolution of Understanding 
I have dated many beautiful women in my lifetime. In my earlier 
years I said and did all the wrong th ings that we men tend to do. In my 
later years of dating, I finally got it right. So how did I go from 
clueless wonder to getting to this point of understanding? There was 
one woman, my missing link, if you will, that opened my eyes to 
understanding women. Don’t get me wrong, all the women in my life, 
and all of my dating experiences helped to bring me to the point where 
I am at today. But it was this particular woman that helped me put it all 
together. 
I mentioned this story in the introduction, but I wanted to go over 
it again to show how this particul ar relationship actually helped to 
evolve my understanding of women. In my earlier years of dating, 
somewhere around 1994, I met this wo man. She had dark hair, dark 
eyes, nice skin, and she was tiny. She told me straight out: I’m 105 
pounds. We had gone to high school together, but she had been a year 
behind me. I hadn’t seen her for a c ouple of years and I was out with a 
good friend of mine. She walked up and I was just stunned. Her beauty 
left me breathless. 
I was having some beers with my buddy Sean and he introduced 
us. I could tell she was interested by the way she was looking at me. I 
could feel that she was really attracted to me. That was my first 
awareness of understanding. There had been several times in my life 
where I had thought a woman was attracted to me, and then could 
never get any further than her phone number. This was blatant and in 

How To Be A 3% Man 
26  
my face. There was no doubt in my mind that this woman had a high 
level of interest. 
I was still pretty clueless back then, though. The night went on 
and we went our separate ways. Wh en I woke up the next day, the 
horrible feeling dawned on me: I didn’t get her number. However, she 
had told me where she worked. I took a chance and called her at work 
and basically said: Hi, this is Corey . She told me she was really busy, 
but asked me to give her my numbe r and she would call me back the 
next day. 
I gave her my number and I was just so in awe. I actually had 
butterflies in my stomach. This was the first time I had met a girl that I 
really liked that was also really into me. She actually called me the 
next day and I talked to her for at least an hour and a half on the 
phone. While we talked, she told me things such as she had just split 
up with her boyfriend, and then we nt on to volunteer all this other 
information about herself. She was as king me all these questions like: 
How come you don’t have a girlfriend? 
I was kind of an open book. I wasn’t much of a challenge. It 
wasn’t until later that I figured out I hadn’t handled that part the right 
way. However, she did most of the talking, which was exactly the right 
thing to do. Honestly, I don’t really remember much of what I said to 
her. I just let her talk and I listene d. I have found that women love to 
talk, men just need to learn how to listen. 
Believe me, gentlemen, there is a right and wrong way to the art 
of listening that we will be cove ring later in the book. Finally she 
asked: Why don’t we go to lunch this week?  I jumped right on that and 
set a date. That was another thing I did right without even realizing it: 
I made a firm commitment for a date, and then left it at that. 

Part II: The Way Things Are 
27 
So, she showed up for lunch that day wearing these really short 
shorts. She had an unbelievable bod y with a nice tan, and she was 
breathtaking – absolutely drop dead gorgeous. I was working 
construction at the time. I was still going to school for construction 
management and I was a project engineer at the job site office. I was in 
the back and I heard the door open and she walked in. The guys called 
out from the front, saying: Corey, your lunch date’s here . When I 
walked out, the guys had been having a meeting at the conference 
table and they were just staring at  her. It felt so good, because she was 
obviously there to go out with me. 
That was another thing I did right. I knew she was there for me 
and took pride in it. It didn’t make me jealous to have all these guys 
staring at the woman I was dating. They were jealous of me being with 
her, but they were enjoying what they were seeing. In that regard, I 
was in a place of strength and confidence. A woman definitely takes 
notice of little things like that. 
We went up the street and had a great lunch. Again, she did most 
of the talking, which was the right thing. The truth is that I was 
nervous and couldn’t think of much to say, so she just went on talking. 
She was very aggressive. After that first date, she was paging me and 
we’d meet out and have some drinks. With hindsight, I realize now 
that she was pursuing me because I did so little of the talking. I was a 
bit of a mystery to her. In reality, I was an open book and not sure 
enough of myself to speak up. She just had not caught onto that yet. 
My only thought was: This is great. This girl’s all over me. 
Her dad was very wealthy and he owned a night club down in Fort 
Lauderdale. One night she invited me there. I went with another friend 
of mine. It was a very busy club. She had all these guys coming up to 

How To Be A 3% Man 
28  
her and hugging her, and she seemed to know everybody there. She 
kept walking away and talking, and all these people kept grabbing her 
to talk. Finally, my friend said: Let’s go, dude. She doesn’t care about 
you. 
I was pretty bummed out, but agreed. She really didn’t seem to 
care whether I was there or not. The next morning she called me and 
asked: What happened to you last night? I looked everywhere for you.  
I held the phone away, thinking: What? I found out by accident that I 
had done the right thing, I had just walked away. 
If a woman is too sure of you, if  she thinks she can walk all over 
you, the interest level drops. By not sitting back and letting her walk 
all over me, by walking away, it demonstrated my strength in letting 
her know that I wasn’t going to take  being ignored. It showed that I 
could walk away from her at any time. That wasn’t the truth of what 
had happened, but that wasn’t how she saw it. 
I had walked away because I felt she didn’t care about me and 
now she wanted to know where I was at and what I was doing. It 
baffled me. This went on for another two or three weeks and we went 
out a couple more times. I never did kiss her. We hugged every time 
we saw each other, but I just didn’t have the guts to go for it. 
Eventually, she stopped calling. It got to the point where I called 
her and left her a message. She calle d me the next day at my house, 
but she knew I wasn’t there. I was at work. She had always paged me 
before. So she had called me at  home on purpose, when she knew I 
wouldn’t be there. 
The bottom line was that I was so easy and so available, that she 
saw me as being weak and could ba sically have her way with me. She 
would invite me to come out and I would meet her. I didn’t take 

Part II: The Way Things Are 
29 
control. I had no center. Eventually she saw that and then she just blew 
me off. A guy who is good looking can get away on his looks for the 
first few dates. If he’s not centere d, weak, and always does what she 
wants, her interest will lower to the point where she doesn’t want to 
see him any more. That was what happened with me. I was devastated. 
It was about six months later when I met the woman who would 
become my ex-wife. I remember being out on a date at the same bar 
where I had met the other woman. My  ex-wife was all over me, and I 
remember seeing the other woman out of the corner of my eye, just 
staring at the two of us together. Once again, I was confused, thinking: 
I don’t get it. I’m with somebody else . She didn’t want me before. Now 
I’m with my new girlfriend and she’s always checking me out.  If I was 
out without my ex-wife, she’d co me up and flirt with me. I kept 
thinking: What gives? I don’t get it. 
It is all about the energy and the confidence the guy exudes. I’m 
sure every guy has had this experience – whenever they are dating 
someone, every girl wants them. When they are single, no one wants 
to date them. Women have this radar. When a woman sees a guy with 
a woman, especially another beautiful woman, she wonders: 
Hmmm…what’s that guy got?  Women are very competitive in that 
respect. 
Why You Should Not Get Advice 
From Women about Women 
When I was having trouble understanding women, I remember 
going to my women friends for advice. I figured: Hey, they’re women, 
so they should have a clue and be able to help me out, right?  Wrong. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
30  
The advice they gave me seemed sound, and it meshed with what I had 
always thought about women. 
Most women, when you bring your problems to them about 
understanding another woman, will try to make you feel better about 
what is going on. It is just like when you try to date a woman, she is 
not going to tell you straight out: Hey, I’m really not interested.  A 
woman friend is not going to burst your ego and tell you: Hey, it 
sounds as though she just doesn’t like you. Move on.  Instead, they will 
give you rationalizations: Maybe she is just coming out of a bad 
relationship. Maybe she really isn’t getting your calls. Maybe she just 
likes you too much and is afraid of getting into something right now. 
Why do women, even our female friends, do this to us? I believe it 
is mostly because they don’t want to deal with your questions of: So 
tell me why she doesn’t like me. Is there something wrong with me?  
They would rather try to sooth it over and nudge you gently in another 
direction, rather than being straight up about their suspicions and hurt 
you. 
Women are all about emotions a nd emotional reactions. Men are 
more straight forward. While men may deal from a place of emotions, 
they don’t take time to necessarily look at the emotional side of the 
equation. They would rather have  simple, non-emotionally clouded 
answers. The trouble is that our wo men friends do nothing more than 
cloud the issue rather than setting us straight. 
Why Women Want to Chase You 
Another part of it is that women often know what they want; they 
just don’t know how to express it in terms of how to get there. Women 

Part II: The Way Things Are 
31 
say they want romance, and on a certain level that’s true. But they also 
want to be engaged in the chase. Dating is a full experience of 
emotions for them. They don’t want everything dropped in their laps. 
They want to feel as though they have earned your love, and that you 
have earned hers. 
One of the biggest, booming industries in the publishing world 
that caters to women is the romance novel. They sell millions of these 
books to women all over the world. You will find that even the most 
intelligent of women, ones that proclaim these books to be nothing 
more than drivel, have read one or  two of these books at one time or 
another in their lives. What is the big draw? 
Most of your romance novels have a very basic formula to them. 
You can even go to the manuscript submission pages for the 
publishing houses and find what that  formula is: Boy meets girl. Boy 
usually treats girl with indifference.  Girl finds boy contemptible, yet 
cannot seem to stay away from him. Girl and boy fight the growing 
attraction. Boy ends up with girl in a very romantic ending. 
When you ask a woman what she wants, what she says she wants 
and what she actually emotionally responds to are two different things. 
When you ask a woman what she wants in a guy, she will usually 
respond with something like: Well, I want a man that wines me, dines 
me, and buys me flowers.  When you treat her that way, she blows you 
off and for some reason goes out with a guy who does none of those 
things for her. Everybody has seen the guy that’s dating a beautiful 
woman and is kind of a jerk to her. So what is it that attracts her to the 
bad boy and causes her blows off the nice guy? 
The simple answer to that is the nice guy is easy. She can 
completely have her way with him. He’s not strong. He’s not centered. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
32  
Emotionally, that does not make her feel safe, that he could actually 
protect her. It says to her that he is untrustworthy, and that basically he 
will do or say anything just to make her happy. That is not what a 
woman wants. A woman wants some one who is a partner, someone 
who can take the direction in the relationship. Whether you have just 
met, or you have been together in a 10-year relationship, you have to 
know what you want. 
It’s like when you call a woman you have just met and you ask 
her out. Instead of saying: Well, gee, do you think maybe you’d like to 
go out with me sometime?  Basically, what that tells a woman is: I’m 
not really confident and I really don’t think I’m good enough for you, 
but I’m hoping that maybe you’ll have pity on me and grace me with 
your presence on a date. 
The more beautiful a woman is – the more guys she has that act 
that way. She wants a guy that is going to stand out. The more 
beautiful woman she is, the more choices that she has. If she goes out 
on an average weekend, she might give her phone number out to 10 or 
12 different guys. Predictably, what happens is that 9 or 10 of those 
guys are going to call her the very next day and ask her to go out on a 
date. From that point, she can basically decide which ones she wants to 
go out with, or if she wants to go out with any of them at all. 
The goal is that you want to be different. You do not want to give 
a woman the impression that you haven’t had a date in 10 years, even 
if that is the case. There are some simple, subtle things that you need 
to learn about raising a woman’s interest level. 
Most guys, even if they do manage to get the phone number of a 
woman that they are interested in, can’t seem to manage to get to her 
front porch. If they do go out on a da te, they can’t seem to ever get 

Part II: The Way Things Are 
33 
another one with the same woman. On the other hand, the girls that 
they don’t really have much interest in are calling and chasing them. 
They are pursuing them, and really want to be with them. The simple 
answer is that you basically have to treat the ones you do like just like 
the ones you don’t like. Of course, there’s a lot more to it than that, but 
it’s a start. I will be going into that more in depth later in the book. 
One of the other things that we will cover is once you are dating 
and starting to get serious about a wo man, what to do to maintain her 
level of interest. Most guys think that once they’re going steady with 
their girlfriend, or once they get married, the “courtship is over”. They 
get this complacent attitude of: Oh, wow, now I’ve got this relationship 
thing handled. I can just kick back and drink my beers and just sit in 
front of the TV all weekend and eat chips and pizza. I’m set. 
That is not the case. The courtship continues. It will be on-going 
your entire life. It never ends. Many guys find it easy to get a girl and 
have her fall in love, but they are not able to maintain that level of 
love, and don’t understand why. A lot of guys have had their girlfriend 
just up and leave them, or their wife has just up and left them after 10 
years, and they say: What the hell happened? I thought everything was 
great. I thought things were perfect, and now all of the sudden, she’s 
gone. They don’t have any idea what happened. 
Why You Should Never Listen 
To Your Friends about Dating Advice 
One of the reasons it’s hard to get good advice, even from your 
friends, is that there are very few people that actually have healthy, 
loving relationships. Even the guys that really understand women can’t 

How To Be A 3% Man 
34  
seem to tell you specifically what you have to do. They just own their 
masculinity, they own their strength, and they own their core, purpose, 
and direction in life. They are naturally confident with women, 
because they grew up in a very lovi ng household, or they have learned 
for themselves what it takes. 
When you come to your friends to talk about a woman and what is 
going on, their first instinct is to give you advice. But should you listen 
to your friends’ advice about women?  Ask yourself this question first: 
What kind of a relationship does my friend have?  Use the same radar 
that you will learn from what I teach you to gauge his woman’s level 
of interest in them. Does she seem happy in the relationship? Is she 
loving and affectionate to him? Is he ignoring her while she goes about 
and does her own thing? What is her interest level in your friend? 
If you look at your friends’ relationships, do you see what you 
want your relationship to become? If the answer is yes, then maybe 
your friends have a clue. If the answer is no, as it usually will be, then 
why on earth would you want to take their advice for your own 
relationship? Face the facts. If they do not have relationships that you 
want to emulate, all their good intentions in the world won’t lead you 
to the relationship you truly deserve to have in your life. 
How Many Healthy Relationships 
Do You See Out There? 
The number of healthy relationships out there, while getting better 
due to some of the awareness being brought to the concept, is still 
pretty low. Why is that? I once believed I had great parents. In 
retrospect, I realize that there was no real love shown between them. 

Part II: The Way Things Are 
35 
There was never an: I love you  exchanged that I ever witnessed. Why 
should that be such a big deal? 
When there is no love shown between the parents, it creates 
insecurity in their children. In my case, when I went out into the dating 
world, I was shy and insecure. I didn’t feel as though I had anything to 
offer. When children grow up around parents that do not show love to 
each other, children in turn perpetuate that in their own relationships in 
the future. Is that the type of relationship that you want for your 
children? The same kind of loveless,  trapped relationship you may be 
in now, one you may have been exposed to by your own parents? 
Parents stay together for years without showing the proper 
example of a loving, healthy relations hip to their children. This in turn 
makes kids think: That’s just the way things are. If they had worked to 
maintain a healthy relationship, or separated into other, healthier 
relationships, the kids might have had a clue by the time they reached 
their own teenage dating years. 
I had one friend who was married to a girl that he got pregnant at 
the age of 16 or 17. Over the years, what may have seemed like love at 
first, turned into a marriage solely for the sake of the children. He 
began to have an affair. She starte d gaining weight – a lot of weight. 
She was seeking her happiness in f ood and using it to fill her up with 
that feel good sensation she was missing in her marriage. 
At a wedding for a mutual frie nd, both the husband and wife shot 
one negative barb after another at each other. Both of their boys were 
extremely obese, very unhappy, and had very low self-esteem. These 
children hadn’t even reached their dating age and they were already 
caught in the same trap of misery perpetuated by their parents. They 
will probably end up seeking out the same type of relationships for 

How To Be A 3% Man 
36  
themselves, never knowing that there can be better for them. They will 
end up perpetuating the pain for another generation. 
Parents may think they are staying together for the sake of the 
children, but kids need to see parents in happy, loving, supportive 
relationships. The choices you make  in your relationship life can 
certainly have an impact on the other people around you, especially the 
kids. There is also the impact on yourself to consider, as well as the 
happiness of the other person in the relationship. I have already said it 
before. If you are not growing together in a direction, then maybe you 
need to consider going your separate  ways so that you can continue to 
grow. 
The ultimate impact in a relationship that involves children is how 
they carry their own relationship knowledge forward with them, into 
the next generation. Your legacy to your children should be learning 
what unconditional love looks like, not only in your love for them, but 
in your love for your partner. Your example is what sets the way for 
them to find the same kind of love in their lives in the future. 
Ultimately, the only way to see health ier relationships around us is to 
be a part of building our own happiness and letting it follow forward 
through the next generation. 
Perceptions of Control 
It is so important that people learn the information I have to offer. 
Again, only 3% of the guys actually understand women. All you have 
to do is go to a mall, to a public event, or to dinner, and just look 
around at the couples in the restaurant. Half of them are sort of staring 
into space, and they are not talking. I’ve gone to dinner and seen 

Part II: The Way Things Are 
37 
couples where the husband is reading a magazine and the wife is 
reading the paper. They are just kind of present. They are hanging out 
as roommates. There is nothing there in the relationship. 
A man should learn to take the dire ction in the relationship. It is 
funny when you go to the malls, and you can tell who wears the pants 
in the relationship. You usually see the woman walking about 5, 
sometimes 10 feet in front of the man and the kids. The husband is 
walking as though being led by the nose, going along with whatever 
she wants. She is in total control of the relationship. 
If you are with your lady, you should either be holding her hand 
or walking side by side with her as a true equal. The bottom line is that 
the one in charge of the relationship, the one that’s in control, is the 
one that is always in front. You can hear them talking as they go 
along: What do you want to do, honey? Oh, I don’t know, honey, what 
do you want to do? 
I used to go out with this one girl, she’s 29 now, and always dates 
guys that are in their 40’s or 50’s. These guys are the biggest 
pushovers in their relationships with her. They take her flying on their 
corporate jet and throw tons of money at her. I used to tease her about 
her engagement ring collection, because she had four or five guys that 
had bought her engagement rings. 
Masculine and Feminine Energy 
The problem is that she is so in  her masculine. We would go out, 
and I’d have to spend over an hour working on getting her to be 
playful, to be a girl. She would start out: Oh turn left on this road and 
go this way.  I would have to say: I know where I’m going, just relax. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
38  
Just be a girl and have fun. I have everything handled. Just have a 
good time tonight. Don’t worry about it. This is not like the regular 
guys you go out with. 
Her father is a great guy, but he’s very weak and her mother runs 
the household. So she learned to run the household and the relationship 
from her mother. She is always in her masculine, and yet she is drop 
dead gorgeous. She competed for Miss America, has a perfect body, 
her Master’s degree, and a contractor’s license. She is very successful, 
has her own business, and has he r own TV show. Most guys are 
intimidated by her looks because she’s so beautiful. In addition to that, 
she is so strong – she is so in her masculine – that the only kinds of 
guys she can get are very feminine guys. 
A guy needs to make his mind up about what it is he wants to do. 
Women don’t want to have to make all the decisions. That’s why, if 
you have been in a relationship for a long time and say: Hey honey, 
what do you want to do tonight?  She’ll throw it back into your lap: 
What do you want to do? You: I don’t know honey, what do you want 
to do? In other words, women are saying: Will you make a decision, 
already? For crying out loud! 
That is a masculine strength quality. A guy that’s direct, has a 
purpose in life, and says: Hey honey, let’s go to the movies tonight, 
will likely get a: Great! Let’s go to the movies. You have to be the one 
that sets the plans and knows what you are doing. Women just want to 
be able to go out, relax, completely get in their feminine, and just let 
the guy take total control. 
Once you are past the first few months and your lady is totally in 
love with you, at that point, the more  of your presence and love that 
you give your lady, the more she wants from you. Women are about 

Part II: The Way Things Are 
39 
opening up and receiving your love and your presence. That is the 
feminine energy. The masculine energy is all about purpose, drive, 
direction, and mission in life. The masculine energy is also about 
breaking through barriers. 
Between men and women, the woman opens up and receives. She 
is penetrated in every way by her man. And a man in every way 
penetrate the world and his woman. So the more you give to your lady, 
the more she wants from you. 
That’s why a woman will call you during the day: Hey, I’m just 
calling to see what you’re doing.  It is a big billboard that says: Hey, I 
want to feel your love. I want to feel your presence.  That’s why when 
you walk in the door, she doesn’t ha ve to tell you she loves you. She 
runs up to you and wraps her arms  around you and kisses you. It is 
because she wants to feel the love that you have for her. That’s why 
when she says: Hey, look, I got my nails done today.  And you say: 
Honey, I’m watching TV. It is one of the worst things you can do. You 
are basically saying to her: I don’t love you. I’m not giving you any of 
my presence. Get the hell out of my way. You are unimportant to me 
right now. You are invalidating what is important to her, and leaving 
her feeling unloved. 
When she says: I just got my hair done, what do you think, honey? 
You have to stop what you are doing, and say: You look beautiful. You 
look great…she did a great job. I love your nails…I love that new 
dress you just bought. Your new hair color looks great. That new 
handbag? I think it goes great with that outfit. You look really hot. 
Women want to be noticed. Everything they do is about getting 
your attention. That’s why it is so im portant to understand this. One of 
my most recent testimonials was from a friend who told me I saved his 

How To Be A 3% Man 
40  
relationship. His girlfriend was doing everything she could to try and 
get his attention. All she wanted to do was feel him. I told him: Your 
sole purpose for being in that relationship is to give to her. So you 
either need to give to her, or go out and get yourself a hooker. That 
way you can have a transactional based relationship with no 
emotional attachments.  Once he understood that, he realized 
everything she was doing – the clothes she was wearing, the hair – it 
was all about her saying: I want to feel your love . I want to feel your 
presence. 
When a woman stops doing those th ings, she has basically closed 
herself off from you. She has shut down, and now you will have a lot 
of work to do before you can get through and penetrate those barriers. 
She has put this wall up. You have shut her down because you haven’t 
given her your presence. It is now going to be ten times as difficult for 
you to get back into her heart again. She is going to test you and make 
it really hard, because she wants to make sure that if she does open up 
to receive your love that you are going to give that love and presence 
to her. That’s why communication is so important. 
I’m not going to tell you that having a healthy, loving relationship 
is easy. It takes a lot of work. However, I can tell you from experience, 
that if you take the time to unders tand your woman, she will help you 
to make that healthy, loving relationship effortless. Again, it is all 
about knowing who you are, knowing what you want, being in your 
center, and understanding your woman. Once you get these concepts, 
you can not only have a wonderful, loving relationship, but you can 
grow in your own person, help her to grow in her own person, and 
perpetuate a healthy, loving lifestyle that will be emulated for 
generations to come. 

 
41 
PART III: THE ART OF UNDERSTANDING 
Looking for Love 
We are all trying to get love or give love in everything we do. It is 
a natural part of human nature. Ho w we look for love, and what kind 
of love it is that we look for can depend on how we were raised. It can 
also depend on what we have come  to understand about ourselves and 
the things that become important to us in our lives. Have we learned 
from past mistakes and e volved it to a new leve l of understanding? Or 
do we go forward in the manner of the true crazy person that continues 
to repeat the same actions over and over again and expects to receive 
different results? 
Women and men look for love in different ways. Many guys, by 
the second or third date are saying: I love you. Women are responding 
with reservation, either inwardly or outwardly saying: What? You 
don’t even know me yet. 
Guys are physical, for the most part. They are very visual. A guy 
is going to look at a woman and know instantly whether he is 
interested or not. He is going to look at her hair, her eyes, her body, 
and instantly have a high level of interest in her, or not. Even though a 
guy has not spoken to a woman, or before he knows anything about 
her, he instantly tends to size her up. If a guy meets a woman, is 
talking to her, and thinks she is very beautiful, many times he will look 
past a lot of other qualities that he may not like, just because he is 
visually stimulated. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
42  
A guy will have an instant reaction to a woman and say things 
like: Oh, wow. I’m going to marry her. Guys connect physically and in 
a split instant, can engage their emotions. Women take longer. They 
warm up more slowly to a reaction of interest. Women need to have 
the involvement of understanding of  who the guy is before she will 
enter into that emotional reaction, and often before she will engage 
physically. 
To a woman, when a guy is engaging his emotions that soon at the 
beginning, without taking the chance to get to know who she is first, it 
shows him as needy. Because of the way women deal with emotions 
and love, they can’t quite comp rehend the man’s instantaneous 
emotional response. It makes her leery and uncomfortable. She doesn’t 
feel safe with him, because he is not in his masculine. 
At that point, she is not seeing him as a strong, centered man. A 
woman that has a strong feminine core will be completely turned off 
by a man that is acting outside th e strong masculine area where he 
should be. She might not even necessarily know what it is about him 
that is turning her off, but she will rapidly lose any attraction that 
might have been there from her first assessment. 
Don’t Be So Serious 
You don’t have to declare your love to a woman for her to know 
that you are interested. In fact, the chances are higher that you will 
turn her off immediately. A woman knows when you’re interested in 
her. Women intuitively know these simple things. It is common sense 
to them. They just don’t come to us guys as common sense. 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
43 
Women understand men far better than men understand women. 
She knows when a guy is intereste d, because she has taken time to 
develop this sense. Guys don’t have  that advantage. They don’t know 
what to look for, and will often proj ect their own interest level on the 
woman, totally clueless of where she is really at. The whole process 
that I will be taking you through in this book helps a man to develop 
the same sense of awareness a woman has.  
When a guy meets a woman, he will often start right in about 
having a relationship, dating, where he’s going to take her out on a 
date, and so forth. To the woman, this is a complete anti-challenge. 
The man doesn’t even have her information yet and he’s already 
telling her everything he is going to do, where he is going to take her, 
and what he like to do with women. This does nothing to build any 
anticipation. He is laying himself in her hands like an open book, 
saying: Here is everything there is to know about me.  It takes away all 
the mystery and challenge from her. 
When a guy starts talking about relationships, dating, marriage, 
and other things of this sort, it ma kes a woman feel as though he is 
being needy, and smothering. They want to move away from that 
scene as fast as possible. Before you can start getting into declarations 
of love, you need to make a woman feel comfortable. She has to feel 
safe. You need to make her feel that she can be totally in her feminine 
and relax, without having to keep her guard up against your next 
move. The best way to do this is with laughter. 
When you first meet a woman, your goal is to make her laugh and 
feel comfortable. You need to talk to her. Better yet, you need to 
engage her in talking to you. Ask her questions. Get to know who she 

How To Be A 3% Man 
44  
is. Keep the conversation light and positive. Joke, banter, and tease her 
in a playful, non-offensive manner. Just have a good time. 
The whole purpose behind this is to get past that instant, visual 
interest of attraction. You are trying  to engage her, and at the same 
time, gauge her interest level in you. The goal is to find out if this 
woman is really someone you even want to go out with. If you joke 
around with her, or you tease her and she’s nasty to you? Who cares? 
You are probably never going to see this woman again anyways, so 
what does it matter? If she doesn’t respond to your jokes, or doesn’t 
think you are funny, you don’t want to spend your time with her. 
By banter and joke, I mean that you always need to be prepared to 
respond with a light-hearted, non-serious answer. If she says: Do you 
have a girlfriend?  You might respond with: I always have room for 
one more , keeping a smile on your face. If she says: Well, I think 
you’re a jerk.  Don’t argue with her. You simply need to come back 
with something less serious, and an “I don’t care” attitude, such as: 
Why, thank you for noticing! You need to shrug it off. 
Remember that you are a strong, centered guy. Something like 
this should not push you off your center. When you are in your place 
of confidence, she will often read it as funny, but cocky. She wants to 
see if you really are what you are putting out there. She is going to test 
to see if she can push you off that center of confidence. She is looking 
for your reaction. If you just blow it off, you are confirming to her that 
you really are as confident as you portray. You have passed her test. 
The other day I was at the counter of a sushi place and a girl from 
another restaurant in the mall came in  for a pick-up order, wearing her 
uniform that said where she was from. I jokingly commented: What? 
Are you a traitor?  After all, she was wearing the uniform of another 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
45 
restaurant, and here she was at th e restaurant I was at, picking up 
sushi.  I said: Is there something I should know about the food where 
you work?  I could have as easily said: Oh, so that’s the secret 
ingredient in your desserts. After her surprise over my comment, I was 
able to get a smile out of her. At th at time, I wasn’t looking to get her 
number or anything. I was just out to make her smile. 
One suggestion I would like to make is go to the mall and banter 
with women you don’t have any interest  in at all. Joke and tease with 
them to develop your skills. What happens is when you start talking, 
teasing, joking, and being humorous with a lot of different women, is 
that you get in the habit of doing it. When you come across a woman 
you are really interested in, you can just be natural. 
I do it all the time. Every time I see a woman and an opportunity 
to tease her, I take it. It hones my skills and keeps me in practice. 
When I run into to somebody that I want to approach, I can act the 
same way with the one I am interested in, as I did with the one that I 
was not. Practice makes perfect. 
It is a great way for you to go and become comfortable with your 
confidence and who you are. Talk to  women in the gift shops, and the 
hallmark stores, or wherever you come across them. Pick the ones that 
you are not interested in and joke, banter, and tease them. Build your 
skills. Make these skills a part of who you are, while at that same time 
bringing a smile to somebody’s face. 
Sometimes I will be out and a woma n I’m interested in will look 
over. I will stick my tongue out at her. It usually catches her off guard. 
She may stick her tongue back out at me. This tells me she is willing to 
be playful, and that she is interested. Other times, I might motion with 
my finger for her to come over. She will often motion back for me to 

How To Be A 3% Man 
46  
come to her. I won’t do it. I will simply shake my head and motion her 
back to me. I am letting her know that  she has to come to me. If she 
doesn’t, I will just shrug and ignore her. Nine times out of ten, before 
five minutes have passed, she has joined me. There it is – she is 
interested. If I were to go to her, I would have given her some of my 
power. At that point, I have steppe d out of my masculine and let her 
take charge. I have stepped out of my confidence. 
Watch her reactions to your joking around. If you are telling really 
stupid, corny jokes and she’s laughing, even though you know that 
they’re not really funny, it tells you she is interested. It’s a measure of 
your success at making her feel comfortable, which is exactly what 
you need to do.  
A woman has a higher level of interest in a man she can have fun 
with and that can get her to feel comfortable. If you are being too 
serious with her from the start, then you may be engaging your 
emotions too fast for her. It is a si gnal for her to back away and test 
you. 
Compliments: From the Beginning 
Another thing that has a negative effect on a woman’s interest 
level is compliments, especially if she is beautiful. If she is beautiful, 
then she has been told just that since she was five years old. She 
doesn’t need you telling her. She knows it. She sees herself every day 
in the mirror. There are probably 15 people she meets every day that 
tell her how beautiful she is. Even if it doesn’t have a negative impact, 
complimenting a woman you just met for the first time is not going to 
raise her level of interest in you. 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
47 
You don’t have to lay out the compliments to a woman when you 
first meet her. The instinctive radar she has is already telling her you 
are interested. If you walk up and start talking to her, that already 
shows her you are interested. A guy doesn’t have to tell a woman how 
pretty she is, how smart she is, or lay it on thick. When a woman gets 
compliments from a guy she just met, she starts thinking: He’s just 
saying whatever he needs to say. That makes her feel as though she 
can’t trust you. You come off as a pleaser, which is weak in her eyes. 
The compliment stage comes in later, when her emotions are 
engaged. Until her emotions are engaged, the compliments mean 
nothing to her. They do absolutely not hing to raise her interest level in 
you. After her emotions are engaged, those compliments tell her that 
she means something to you. It means you notice her, and she is 
important enough to you to be no ticed. By having a guy telling her 
these kinds of things from the beginning, it removes any challenge. 
The man comes off as being needy, weak, and she can tell right away 
whether or not he has a clue about the dating scene.  
What Women Emotionally Respond To 
When a guy has found a woman he is prepared to talk to, the first 
thought in his mind should be: My goal here is to make her smile . 
That’s it. He should be in that space of feeling confident in who he is, 
and that he is giving her a great opportunity by coming up to speak to 
her. If she doesn’t like him, blows him off, or treats him harshly, it 
shouldn’t matter. We will get to more of this in the section on taking 
rejection personally, but the man should view it as her loss, not his. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
48  
You need to realize that when you engage a woman in 
conversation to read her level of interest, you are not looking for her 
approval. It’s a level playing field. You are going up to see if she is 
interested in you. If she’s not, move on. 
This is important, gentlemen. Too many men get hung up on 
singling out one woman to devote his attentions to. There is no 
scarcity of women out there. Y ou should be concerned with finding 
one that does have a high level of interest, and stop wasting your time 
with one that doesn’t have any interest in you at all. 
You need to learn how to come from a place of indifference. You 
are going up to find out if she is interested in you. If she is, you are 
going to want to get her contact information. If she’s not, then you are 
going to want to move on and find somebody that is. Guys will sit and 
talk all night to one woman, trying to raise her level of interest. They 
completely ignore the fact that she is just not interested. 
A strong, centered, confident guy is going to walk up to a woman 
and read her level of interest. He is going to try to make her laugh, get 
her contact information, and then m ove on to gauge the interest of 
other woman that may also be intere sted. By the end of the night, he 
may find that he has ten phone numbe rs. Out of those ten, there will 
probably be only a few that are really interested. As you follow 
through and find they have a low le vel of interest, don’t bother with 
those women any more. 
You only want to spend your time dating women that have a high 
level of interest. The higher the level of interest a woman has in you, 
the more fun she is going to be when you go out. The lower her level 
of interest, the more you are going to have to work at making her feel 
comfortable and laugh. Once a guy starts learning how to gauge a 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
49 
woman’s interest level, he won’t have to go out on twenty dates to find 
one woman that is interested in him. He will know right away whether 
to take more time with a woman, or to move on to find someone 
worthy of spending his time with. 
Before you can even think about engaging a woman’s emotions, 
you have to get her to trust you.  Trust from a woman can be a hard 
thing to earn, taking a long time, or it can be effortless and you can 
start building her trust from the start. It’s all in how you approach her. 
As I mentioned before, using humor and encouraging her laughter is 
the best way to bring down her ba rriers and walls a nd get her to open 
up to you. From the very start, she won’t feel as though she has to 
keep her guard up against attacks on her emotions. 
Especially in the first stages of a relationship and dating, it is 
important to keep things light-hearted. Keep it funny. Joke around. 
Keep your conversations positive and steer it away from negativity. 
Guys meet a woman and they think: Okay, I’m going to get all my 
baggage out on the table. Yeah, I ha ve 3 ex-wives and I’m paying 
$20,000 a month in alimony. That only leaves me a $1000 a month for 
myself. It’s really tough. I can’t wait until my kids are 18 and I don’t 
have to pay child support any more. 
Gentlemen, what you have just told this lady is that you are 
negative. You are not necessarily a fun person to be around. You are 
bitter and she needs to keep her guard up around you so she doesn’t 
end up as the next focus for your negativity. You are needy and not in 
your center. How can a woman f eel comfortable and relaxed under 
such an onslaught? 
When a guy starts talking about his ex-girlfriend or ex-wife from 
the very start, a woman is looking at it from a standpoint of no 

How To Be A 3% Man 
50  
emotional involvement yet. She liste ns and learns what it would be 
like for her to be your next ex. A woman is watching and gauging 
these things to see if it would be safe for her to lower her defenses and 
open up to you. It also has the effect of giving her the opinion that you 
are untrustworthy, since you seem to have nothing but bad to say about 
women in your past. 
With a woman, you should let her do 80% of the talking. You 
want to ask questions. Women want to know a man is sincerely 
interested in who they are. They want to see that you want to know 
what they are all about.  
You should be asking her where she grew up and what she likes to 
do for fun. Find out who she is and what is important to her. You need 
to keep the conversation light. Stay away from serious subjects. If she 
presses you to talk about  serious subjects, especially in the beginning, 
always be humorous. Always be joki ng. You want to make her laugh. 
You want to have a good time. Your  sole purpose with a woman is to 
make her comfortable, make her laug h, and to get her level of interest 
to go up. Then you want to quickly get her contact information and 
leave, which I will explain more about in a later section. 
The only way you get her interest  level to go up is to be 
humorous, have fun, show her a good time, and keep it positive. 
Always maintain eye contact. Keep your focus on her. When you are 
on a date, don’t be checking out other women, the waitress, or 
whoever else is around. When you do that, you make her think that 
you are a pig, just another horny guy that’s out to get laid. So your 
complete attention and your focu s should be 100% on her having a 
good time. 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
51 
You need to raise her comfort level, and at the same time, find out 
everything there is to know about her. You have to show her that you 
want to know everything about her. Listen to what she says. You will 
be tested. She wants to know that you are listening to her. This is an 
important point with women, whether you first meet her, you are on a 
date, or you are in a long-term re lationship. Women tend to remember 
every detail, while these same details tend to escape men. 
It’s important to listen to what she is telling you. She wants to 
know that these things are importa nt to you. You’d better at least 
remember the gist of the conversati on or there’s going to be hell to 
pay. By listening to what she says, you are not only raising her interest 
level, but you are also raising her level of trust in you. 
Women Fall in Love a Lot Slower than Men 
Getting back to what I said earlier, when a guy meets a woman, he 
can instantly have a really high level of interest in her. Women take a 
lot longer to fall in love. They need to trust a guy before she will open 
herself up to even the possibility of committing her emotions. A man 
is basically ready to make love at the drop of a hat, and his emotions 
are instantly engaged. For a woman, it is the whole experience of the 
dating. 
It’s the experience of the courtship that turns a woman on 
emotionally. Part of that experi ence is the anticipation, the wondering 
of where she stands, of what’s going to happen next, or when you are 
going to call. Some women will say they don’t like these things, but I 
have found continuously that these things do have a positive effect on 
their level of interest. If they are starting to wonder about you, it is also 

How To Be A 3% Man 
52  
engaging their emotional input. Most  women can’t involve themselves 
in an intimate relationship until their emotions are engaged, which is 
the exact opposite of men. 
Because it is an important point to stress, I am going to say it 
again: Women fall in love slower than men fall in love . The whole 
experience for her involves how you ask her out, when you call her on 
the phone, as well as the anticipation of what is going to happen on a 
date. It is where you go on a date , how you handle yourself, how you 
handle the others around you, and how you handle her. 
Consciously or unconsciously, men and women both keep score 
when they meet someone, are dating someone, or are with someone 
they are interested in. It’s not an actual scoring system, but they do 
keep track of the things the other person does to either raise or lower 
their level of interest. Let me give you an idea of how men and women 
differ in their thoughts on a sample date. Women have their own rating 
system that is totally separate from guys. Men think: Okay. I bought 
her flowers – that’s worth a point. I took her out to a nice dinner – 
there’s another point. I took her danc ing afterward – that has to be 
worth another point. See how this all adds up so quickly in a guy’s 
mind? 
The same date from a woman’s point of view is going to go 
something more like this: He took me out on a date. He was attentive 
to me – that’s worth a point. He  didn’t check out that beautiful 
waitress, even when she was sort of flirty with him – there’s a BIG 
point. He referred back to something earlier in the conversation. That 
means he was actually listening to what I said – I’d give him 2 points 
for that one. I felt so relaxed and co mfortable with him. He even made 
me laugh – That’s another 2 points in my book. I actually feel as 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
53 
though I could trust him more, now that I’m getting to know him. He is 
definitely doing the right things to raise my interest level. 
If you want to win a woman’s trust, gentleman, and ultimately her 
heart, you have to understand how sh e thinks. You have to understand 
what is important to her. A woman needs to feel safe to open her heart. 
She needs to trust you. She needs to know that her heart will be 
protected. The way you do that is to allow her to feel safe to be in her 
feminine energy, by making sure that she can feel certain you are in 
your masculine energy. 
You pick her up. You are a gentleman. You open the car door. 
You take her to a nice restaurant . Guys tend to dwell on all the 
physical attributes of the date, while women focus on the emotional 
attributes. It’s the experience of having the nice dinner, great 
conversation, and just having a good time. Whatever it is that you are 
doing, it is the whole experience of the date, not just what you do or 
where you take her. 
It can’t be: I took her to dinner and great, now I’m ready to go 
home and have sex . Women don’t operate that way. They have to 
warm up to you. You have to build a trust level with her, a level of 
comfort. Their hearts open a lot sl ower, because it is all about the 
whole emotional experience. 
When a guy meets a woman, too many times, he starts coming on 
real heavy. He starts talking about  relationships. He starts talking 
about dating. When a woman says to you: I’m not looking for a 
relationship. She’s really saying: Whoa…slow down. I just want to 
have fun. I need to trust you and feel comfortable with you before that 
option is even on the table. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
54  
Again, that’s why you don’t need to say things like: Oh, you are 
so beautiful. I had an incredible time the other night.  Coming from a 
guy she barely knows, one that has not taken the time to get to know 
her, these things mean little or nothing. They do not work to raise her 
level of interest. All it does is to make you look like a guy who is 
needy, someone that is very insecure. 
It will actually lower her level of interest, and you either won’t get 
a date at all, or you won’t get a second date. If you have been in a 
relationship for a while, compliments without the other actions behind 
them can even cause her to eventually dump you, because she sees no 
truth behind the words. She no longer feels emotionally safe, and she 
will start looking for someone that can make her feel that way. 
Women Are Like Cats, Men Are Like Dogs 
No matter what you do with a dog, he is man’s best friend. A dog 
will never leave you, no matter what happens. Dogs will come right up 
and demand attention from anyone, ev en a friendly-looking stranger 
that appeals to them. They don’t unde rstand the concept of rejection if 
a stranger pushes them away. They will come right back for more. 
Dogs will feel an instant attracti on, an instant affection for a total 
stranger, and run around obeying commands at the drop of a hat. 
When was the last time you saw a cat take commands from 
anyone?  
Women are like cats. They come and go as they please. They do 
what they want, when they want, and with who they want. You can 
call a cat, but it will only come to you if it feels like it. Many times 
they will give you that bored, sleepy stare that says: Who do you think 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
55 
you’re kidding?  Cats look around a crowded room of strangers and 
will go only to the one they feel comfortable being with, the one they 
know for certain will give them the affection they want. 
If a cat doesn’t know you, it will of ten run and hide. At the very 
least, it will stay back and watch you carefully before it decides you 
are worthy of its approach and atte ntion. Cats might kind of stroll by 
and look over and see you, and then pretend to ignore you and move 
on. Then the cat may come back a minute or two later, come into the 
room and walk around and look at you, and then turn around and 
leave. 
The cat may come back again a few minutes later and walk a little 
circle around you, maybe brush up agains t your leg and then take off. 
A few minutes later the cat may come back and go around in between 
your legs, rubbing up against you with its tail in the air, and then all of 
the sudden sit down and start purring. Cats are a lot more particular 
about who they will give their affection to. For some strange reason, 
they will even decide that the only person in the room that doesn’t like 
cats is the only one deserving of their attention. 
In order to entice a cat to your side, you have to be patient and let 
it come to you. If your moves are too sudden, too quick, or too 
aggressive, you will send the cat fleeing from your side and into 
hiding. Cats have to be encouraged. They let you know when it’s okay 
to touch them by rubbing up against you, or coming over to sit in your 
lap. If you don’t hold the cat properly, or pet it in the wrong way, it 
will leave. Once that happens, it becomes twice as hard to coax it back 
to you. 
Until the cat is coming to you, and letting you know it is okay to 
engage it, you have to stand fast and hold your ground. No matter what 

How To Be A 3% Man 
56  
the cat does, or how it tests you, you need to be indifferent. You need 
to let it roll of you as though it doe s not bother you, or that you could 
care less one way or another what it does. 
The cat is testing you, much like a woman tests you. If you are 
aggressive (a sign of neediness), then you are chasing after the cat, and 
it is going to run away. If you come off as weak and needy, then you 
are no longer worthy of their time. 
Women are very much like cats. You have to get to the point 
where no matter what a woman does, it doesn’t move you off center. 
You cannot move quickly, or be too a ggressive. You also have to treat 
the beautiful woman just like you would treat the woman you have 
absolutely no interest in. It is not about being rude to her, but you have 
to not let her beauty affect you. Like the cat, she is drawn to the one 
that seems to be least affected by her. 
The old saying goes: Curiosity killed the cat.  Cats are curious 
creatures. They will keep checking something out as long as they are 
curious about it. Once they have figu red out just what that something 
is, they become bored and walk away. The same thing is true with 
women. You need to keep them wondering. You need to keep them 
curious. If you tell them everything about you and they can see all 
there is to know, the mystery is gone and they move on. 
Knocking Out the Competition 
The place in my life where I’m at now, one of the great things I’ve 
learned is that if you can get a grasp on being a 3% man, you literally 
have no competition. Once you unders tand these principles, you can 
talk to other guys, watch how your friends are with other women, and 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
57 
fully comprehend for yourself that only 3 out of 100 guys understand 
women. For a guy that is single and looking, it becomes the big 
realization that: I don’t have much competition at all. 
It is amazing to know that a woman went out and met 10 to 12 
other guys over the weekend, and 99% of them called her the next day. 
You have waited a couple days to call her. You are the one that stands 
out to her as being completely different. You are the one that is going 
to get the date with her. These other guys will never get to her front 
door. 
That knowledge, in and of itself, is very freeing. I love talking 
with women. I am fascinated by women. I find them to be extremely 
interesting. It is especially fascinating when you listen to them talk 
about guys. When they talk about the things guys do, all the needy 
things they do, I just shake my head. Then I have to stop and realize: 
How can I be judgmental? I used to be just like that, years ago. 
For me, it only serves to reaffirm all these principles, and that 
alone gives you a higher confidence level. Now when I talk to women, 
I get the whole truth. I get beyond th e standard wine me, dine me, and 
buy me flowers. I get beyond the partial truths because I know how to 
ask the right questions, and feel co mfortable and confident in asking 
them. Women are not going to say: I want a guy that is confident, and 
sure of himself. Women want you to already know these things. If you 
don’t already know them, they are not going to want to teach them to 
you. They are going to move on, and continue to sort through and 
qualify guys until they find one that does know it. They are going to 
keep looking until they find one of those 3% men. 
I walk through the mall now and see women checking me out all 
the time. Years ago, the only time that would happen was when I was 

How To Be A 3% Man 
58  
with a girlfriend. It’s because of thei r radar, because of the confidence 
that I’m putting out there. It’s the centeredness. They think: Wow. 
What is this guy all about?  What does he have? What’s going on over 
there? I want to find out about that.  They are drawn to it. If you are 
not in that centered place, they don’t even pay any attention to you. 
Do you know why it is they are drawn to that, whereas somebody 
else might not have been noticed? Why women notice that confidence 
more than anything else? Women that are in their feminine, or that 
want to be in their feminine, are attracted to guys that are in their 
masculine. It is what every woman wants. They don’t want to teach 
you to be a man. They want to feel confident that you already know 
how to be the kind of man that will make them feel safe. They are 
looking for the 3% man. 
They emotionally respond to a guy that is a challenge, to a guy 
that is strong, centered, and confiden t, to a guy they can’t have their 
way with. The wining, dining, and romance thing is not what they are 
looking for at the start. Well, it’s not the complete answer. It’s only 
part of the answer. 
You have to show a woman that you are a mystery. You have to 
be a challenge. You have to be indifferent to all of the testing she puts 
you through. She may act as though she is turned off by something, 
but nine times out of ten, she is testing to make sure that you are this 
presence that they feel. If she walks away, who cares? The chances are 
high that she will come back. If not, move on. 
Women in part do want the guy that will do the wining and dining 
and romance thing once they have hit the emotional level. They don’t 
need it so much before their emotions are engaged, as much as they do 
after their emotions are engaged. After their emotions are engaged, the 

Part III: The Art of Understanding 
59 
romance is that masculine part of you giving them the presence that 
you have opened them up to receive. Before their emotions are 
engaged, they first want to make sure that you are in your masculine. 
They need to trust it is safe to  open up that emotional side of 
themselves and give you their heart. They are only going to do that 
once you have passed their tests.  

How To Be A 3% Man 
60  

 
61 
PART IV: IT’S NOT ALL ABOUT YOU 
Making Your Ideal Woman’s List of Qualities 
Now gentlemen, this book is all about winning the heart of the 
woman of your dreams. Since we are talking about the woman of your 
dreams, in that sense, it is all about you. However, before you can 
even begin to think about being in a loving, healthy relationship, you 
have to understand what makes that kind of relationship. In this 
section, I am going to teach you that while it’s not all about you that is 
exactly where you need to start. 
The first thing you need to do before you even meet a woman, is 
you have to become clear on one major question: What am I looking 
for in a relationship in the first place?  You have to understand what it 
is that you want in a relationship before you can get into a relationship. 
Let’s say you want to get a new car. You go out and you buy a brand 
new Ford Explorer. Everyone has had this experience, where you go 
out and buy a new Ford Explorer, and now you’re driving home from 
the dealership and you notice that those cars are everywhere. 
The reason is that you get what you focus on in life. The reason is 
that when you were driving a different car, let’s say a Monte Carlo, 
you weren’t thinking about Ford Explorers. Now that you have gone 
and purchased a new Ford Explorer, you’re excited and happy about it. 
You want to go show all your fri ends and family your new car. Now 
that you are actually driving it, you are thinking: These things are 
everywhere. It’s not that they weren’t there before. It’s that now you 
are focused on that particular car – that is what you are going to see. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
62  
The same principle applies to meeting the right type of person. To 
get where you want to go in life, with relationships or anything, you 
have to know what your outcome is. You have to know what it is that 
you want. This is the first thing you have to get clear. Are you looking 
for a steady girlfriend? Are you looking for someone you can 
eventually spend your life with and marry? Do you want to be like 
Hugh Heffner? Do you want to have  three, four, five, six girlfriends? 
There is nothing wrong with that. That’s something you can have, if 
that’s what you really want. 
Once you get clear about what kind of relationship it is that you 
want, the next thing I suggest is to make a list of what you want in 
your ideal woman. Take a sheet of  paper and divide it into two 
columns – the left side and the right side. The left column is going to 
be all the qualities you want in a woman. The right hand column is 
going to be all the qualities you don’ t want in a woman. Imagine that 
technology has grown to the point where you can simply log onto the 
Internet, put all your criteria in, and you can simply Fed-ex yourself 
the perfect lady. Imagine you can have her any way you want her to 
be. What are all the qualities you would want in a woman? What is her 
eye color? What is her hair like? Is it straight? Is it long? Is it curly? Is 
it wavy? 
What color skin does she have? Is she fair skinned? Is she dark 
skinned? Does she have an accent? Physically, what does she look 
like? Does she take care of herself? Is she real thin? Does she weigh 
350 pounds? What is it that you want physically in a woman? What 
are her qualities? Does she have a good sense of humor? Does she 
have a good attitude? Is she flexible? Is she a giver? Is she easy-going? 
Is she fun to be around? Is she successful? Is she older than you? Is 
she younger than you? Is she the same age? Does she have kids? Does 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
63 
she not have kids? Is she a smoker or a non-smoker? Does she do 
drugs or not do drugs? Does she drink or not drink? Is she a vegetarian 
or a meat eater? 
Write down your whole list. If you could have it any way you 
wanted to in a perfect world, what would you want in the perfect, ideal 
woman? In the next column is going to be all the qualities you 
absolutely don’t want. My personal experience is that I don’t want 
someone who is devious. I don’t want somebody who is needy. I don’t 
want somebody who is insecure. I don’t want somebody who doesn’t 
take care of themselves. I don’t want somebody that eats unhealthy 
and doesn’t exercise. My ideal wo man is someone that has a good 
attitude, someone who’s fun to be around, and someone that’s a good 
communicator. 
Make an entire list of those things that you ideally want, and then 
those things that you just cannot live with. Now obviously, if you write 
down on paper everything that you can think of, you might have 20 to 
30 things or more in each category. From there what you need to do is 
go through the things in those categories and pick your top ten from 
each list. What you should have is the top ten qualities that you 
absolutely must have, and the top ten there is absolutely no way you 
could live with. 
Next, you are going to number these items in order of importance 
to you. To find someone that is all of these things you have just listed 
is a little unrealistic, if not impossible. By choosing the top ten of each, 
it becomes more realistic. These are the qualities that are the most 
important to you, and the ones that you should put your primary focus 
on. If she has any of the other things on the list along with the top ten, 
consider those a bonus. By numbering these top ten in orders of 

How To Be A 3% Man 
64  
importance, it also shows you the highest qualities you are looking for 
or not looking for in a woman. 
After you write this list of all these ideal qualities, write a love 
letter to this person you have not met yet. Close your eyes and imagine 
you are head over heels in love with this person. In this letter, you are 
going to tell her everything about her that you adore. Write it as 
though writing to this someone that is head over heels in love with 
you, and you are head over heels in love with her. 
This letter is everything about all the wonderful qualities she has, 
and why you love these qualities a bout her. This letter is another 
important part to attracting that person in your life. It helps deepen 
your focus on those things you are looking for in your ideal woman. I 
remember showing my list to the one girlfriend I had who was from 
London. She said: My, God, I am everything that’s on your list . She 
showed me hers, and I was everything on her list. That is the power of 
being clear about what you want. 
Becoming the Person You Want to Attract 
Now comes the time to be honest with yourself. You need to think 
about it for a minute: I’m the type of person that is very combative, 
and I’m not a good communicator. I don’t like to talk. I don’t like to 
work things out verbally. I like to yell and shout. I’m looking to attract 
somebody that is a great communicato r into my life, someone that is 
easy-going and doesn’t get upset… Face it, gentlemen, you have to be 
the type of person you want to attract. If you are not those traits that 
you want, you have to become those certain traits, because like attracts 
like. It is a Universal principle. 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
65 
You may be able to meet someone that has those qualities that you 
ideally want, but if you don’t exhibit those qualities yourself, you are 
going to turn that person off quickly. She is going to lose interest and 
leave. Don’t lose hope on this, though. If you have a quality that you 
want, but you haven’t yet developed it yourself, and you are willing to 
recognize where your flaws and faults lie, and are open to learn and 
grow, then it is still possible to attract someone with that quality into 
your life and keep her. 
However, if you are combative, for example, and have the 
attitude: I am the way I am. Screw it. I’m not changing for anybody,  
and you do manage to start dating someone that is a great 
communicator, she may try to make it work with you for a while. But 
over time, if you refuse to change, grow, and become a better 
communicator, it will only become frustrating to the new lady in your 
life. Eventually she is going to get tired of it and she’s going to leave. 
It is the same with all the qualities you want to attract. If you are 
not willing to work to become that quality, and to bring that quality 
into your life for yourself, then you need to take it off of your list. If 
not, you will eventually turn that other person off.  
Okay, now you have made your list. Next you want to take that 
list and put it somewhere where you are going to review it every day. 
Maybe you can put it on the door of your medicine cabinet, on the 
mirror in your bathroom, in your day planner, on your computer 
screen, or you can put a small copy of it in your wallet. You need to be 
continuously thinking about your list. By reviewing it every day, it is 
just like any goal that you set in life – you are going to get what you 
focus on. It continually refocuses you on what it is you are looking for, 
and insures that you are moving in that direction. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
66  
It is like the analogy with the Ford Explorer. If you are focusing 
on it, suddenly you are going to start seeing what you are focused on 
all around you. Every time I have done this, it amazes me. I created a 
new list recently. I broke up with the girlfriend I had been with for a 
year about a month ago, because we were just not aligned in our 
careers and neither one of us was willing to compromise on that part of 
our lives.  We still absolutely love each other and have a wonderful 
friendship where we provide suppor t to each other.  The most 
important thing to both of us is th at we love each other for who the 
other is, even though we are no longer intimate partners.  This is 
something I will elaborate further in Part X regarding the loving way 
to end a relationship. 
I want to stress a point I have mentioned before, because I feel it 
is important. Once you start working to find the perfect woman, do not 
go in with the expectation that the first woman you meet is the one you 
will be with for the rest of your life. People change. Your tastes may 
change. You may find there are certain qualities that are missing, or 
that others have become more important to you. You may find that 
qualities that were important do not seem to matter as much any more. 
Every relationship you go into should always be taken as an 
opportunity for growth and change. Eventually you will refine your list 
and find the exact woman that you need and want in your life. 
My ex-girlfriend had blond hair and brown eyes. When I wrote 
down my new list, I put down that I wanted a woman who has dark 
hair, dark eyes, between 5’0 to 5’ 9, very feminine, sexy, graceful, 
outgoing, funny, intelligent, strong, confident, sure of herself, has a 
great body, in great shape, and with a great personality. I want 
someone that can pitch and catch with me. I want someone who, when 
I banter with her, is not going to collapse because she has a low self-

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
67 
esteem. I want a woman that will stay in her center and not get pushed 
off, someone who gives as good as she gets. 
As I finished my list, every time I went out somewhere my eyes 
were automatically drawn to women that fit my description. Whether it 
was in the mall, or shopping in the grocery store, I tuned right into 
what I was looking for. My awareness of what I wanted developed into 
this highly skilled radar that honed in  on exactly what I wanted to find 
in a woman. 
Again, it’s like the Ford Explorer analogy. You will find yourself 
looking at women that resemble what it is you are focusing on. That’s 
why it is so important to get clear about what it is you want. If you are 
using a shotgun approach, you are going to meet women all the time. 
If you don’t really know what you are looking for and haven’t taken 
the time to write it down, it is going to be hard for you to attract the 
right person in your life. That’s b ecause you are not clear about what 
you want. That’s what this exercise is all about. Every time I have 
done this exercise, I have met someone within 60 days. It has always 
worked for me, good or bad. 
Putting the list down on paper is like goal setting. Every time you 
chase something in life, you should write it down so you know what it 
is you are going after. When you know what you are going after and 
are very specific about it, then that person, that resource, or whatever it 
is that you are looking for will eventually show up in your life. This is 
because of the simple fact that you are actually focused on it. 
Now it is time for you to go about your daily life, whether it’s 
going to work, to the store, going out with friends, or attending some 
event. While you are doing this, keep the thought in the back of your 

How To Be A 3% Man 
68  
mind: The type of person I want to meet – where am I going to find 
her? 
Where Do You Go To Meet Women? 
Most men, when they are looking to meet a woman, will go to the 
bar, or to a night club. It is simple logic. Women go to these places for 
the same reason – where else could be better? The answer is: 
Anywhere! The bar or the night club scene, in my experience, is one of 
the least effective ways to meet women. This is because the women 
you come across are often drunk, and sometimes when you later call 
them, they don’t remember who you were. Plus, if you’ve had a couple 
drinks yourself, it can have disastrous  consequences. It is also not the 
type of woman that I am looking for. 
I don’t drink. I don’t like to party. I am no longer into that scene. 
But if you are looking for a woman that is because it is part of your 
own lifestyle preference, just be aware of the potential pitfalls in 
drinking and approaching women. It can definitely have its drawbacks. 
I had one of those experiences about 12 years ago when I lived in 
Fort Lauderdale. I was up in central Florida with some close friends of 
mine. I was out at this bar and met this woman. We had both been 
drinking and we seemed to be real ly into each other. My thoughts 
were: Wow, she’s really beautiful.  It was really dark. We met, talked 
for a while and hung out. We were making out in the bar – and we had 
just met. Neither of us really knew anything about each other. 
We exchanged phone numbers, and she called me a couple days 
after the weekend was over. Plans were made and she drove down the 
following weekend. I remember openi ng the door, and it was kind of 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
69 
like Kramer from Seinfeld with that look of pure shock on my face as I 
actually thought to myself: I had way too much to drink. It must have 
been really dark in this place.  This girl had driven all that way down 
to spend two days with me. Now I have to spend two days with 
someone that I am just not interested in. 
Obviously, meeting girls in the night clubs is not the best place. 
To top it all off, they usually have their guard up. Most women when 
they go out, especially when they go  out with their girlfriends, are not 
out to meet a guy. They are going out simply to have fun, dance, drink, 
and just to get a little crazy. 
The best way I have always found to meet women is at weddings, 
art shows, seminars, private parties, or even at work. It gives women a 
level of comfort that you know so meone that they know – that you 
have mutual friends. In addition, it’s easier to meet or get introduced to 
them. If you are meet a woman in a more open, public place, whether 
it’s in a grocery store or somewhere else, she is going to have her 
guard up. 
The more public a place, the more her guard will be up and the 
harder it will be to get her contact information and actually go out with 
her. Women in those situations are just not going to make it easy to 
meet you. 
I give the example of an art gallery. That can also be a very public 
place, but at least you know you have similar interests that can be used 
to approach a woman. In a grocery store, or a mall, you have no 
concept of anything about this woman. It makes it harder to find a 
common ground in order to break the ice and find out anything about 
her. Once you learn more from practicing these techniques, you will 
find it easier to approach women in these situations. This comes with 

How To Be A 3% Man 
70  
practice, confidence, and when you stand strong in the fact that you 
own your masculinity and nothing can knock you off center. 
Meeting Women on the Internet 
With technology being the way it is, the Internet is another way 
available to meet women. What I do with Internet dating is when e-
mailing someone back and forth, just as in the phone call advice in the 
next section, I give somebody as little information as possible. As 
always, be humorous, keep it funny, keep it light, and don’t talk about 
serious, heavy subjects. All a woman should see on the web is a guy 
that enjoys having a good time. If she were checking my ad out, it 
would say: I’m the type of guy, that if we went out, you would have a 
lot of fun with. 
You should be the one asking the questions, the same as though 
you were meeting her face to face. Let her do most of the “talking”. By 
this time you should have seen each others’ pictures, and your goal, 
after you have e-mailed each other a couple of times, is to make a 
coffee date. Meet at Starbuck’s a nd have a 15 minute coffee date, tea 
date, or Danish date. 
There are many times you may find on-line that women will post 
these glamour pictures that were ta ken professionally 10-15 years ago 
when they were in high school. They no longer look anything like the 
picture you saw. Or worse, there are women out there who will post a 
picture of a super model as their own. They might tell you that they are 
really thin, they exercise, they are healthy, or this and that. In their 
mind they are thinking: Oh, when he meets me, he’ll love me for who I 
am on the inside. 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
71 
What do you do if you ever go to meet someone from the Internet 
for a coffee date, they are nothing like their picture, and they totally 
misrepresented themselves? In my eyes, that is a person with no 
integrity. I would say: I don’t like dishonesty, and I don’t want to 
spend my time with people that are dishonest . Then I would just turn 
around and leave. I wouldn’t give that person the time of day. 
Dealing with Insecurity 
Now obviously, in the case of the Internet dating, this woman was 
dealing with so many insecurities a bout who she was, that she wasn’t 
true to herself, nor was she being true to a perspective romantic 
interest. Many men have this same  problem. They are so insecure 
about who they think they are, that they find themselves in less than 
ideal relationships. Worse, they continue in these relationships because 
they don’t have the guts to leave. 
With everything you will be learning in the pages of this book, 
you need to take the information to heart. You need to know it, to feel 
it, and to allow yourself to shift from a place of insecurity to a place of 
confidence, knowing that you deserve to have the relationship that you 
want in life. Don’t just take the information and read about being one 
of those 3 out of 100 men that understand women. Become one of the 
3%.  
I have a friend that has chosen not  to take my advice, but except 
for what I might consider to be this small lapse in judgment, this guy is 
a very sharp guy. He sold his last company for $100 million. He has 
been married twice now. His soon to  be ex-wife lives in California 
with his two year old son, and he has been dating a woman that is still 

How To Be A 3% Man 
72  
married. She’s been married for almost  five years, and it’s her second 
marriage. While her husband is traveling, my friend is going to Texas 
and basically screwing this guy’s wife behind his back. 
This gives her the best of both worlds. She is getting variety with 
this new guy, my friend. He took her to China for two weeks with a 
charity he’s involved in. On the way back she told him she didn’t want 
to see him any more, and that she is going to work on her relationship 
with her husband. 
She still sees him on her terms. My friend is getting emotionally 
raked over the coals. I told him: You need to put your foot down. Tell 
her what it is that you want, and that if you can’t be with her, then you 
need to find somebody new. The advice falls on deaf ears. He is hoping 
things are going to change with her. What keeps him from putting his 
foot down is the fear that if he stands his ground, he will lose her. 
The truth is, if he keeps doing what he is doing, which is being 
weak and going along with her agenda, he is teaching her that her 
behavior is okay. Eventually she is going to get rid of him anyway, 
because he is off his center and not strong enough. The relationship 
she is in with her husband was not a happy relationship anyway, even 
before they met. She hasn’t left her husband for him, because he is too 
weak at this point. If he were stro nger, things might have a different 
ending. The bottom line is that if a woman is willing to cheat on her 
husband and to lie, then she will do the same thing to you. 
When I ask my friend: Don’t you realize this?  His response is a 
simple: Yes. The problem is his interest le vel is such that he is head 
over heels in love with her, and she’s flip-flopping back and forth 
between him and her husband. They are both weak, and she has no 
clear choice. By his going along with  what she is doing, he is giving 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
73 
away all of his power. I guarantee y ou she will be spending Christmas 
with her husband and not with him. My friend will end up sitting at 
home alone and feeling sorry for himself. Because of insecurities, 
some guys will put themselves through anything. 
The simple truth is that my friend is not being in his masculine. 
He is too caught up in need. He is at  the point where he needs her. He 
is not loving her, and he’s certainly  not loving himself, either. He may 
feel as though he is filling all of the human needs he has, but the truth 
is, he doesn’t feel he is good enough for her. Because of his 
insecurities, he is allowing himself to be abused. He is a powerful and 
successful guy in business. What he needs to do is learn to carry that 
confidence over into his personal life, and put himself back into his 
masculine. He needs to own who he is as a man. 
Control Freaks and Abusive Men 
The height of insecurity is demonstrated in the control freak, 
which often goes hand in hand with the abusive man. Women will fall 
for the control freak, because they initially mistake the intent of the 
man’s control in the relationship. When he sets out from the start with: 
We’re going to do this, we’re going to do that, I’m going to pick you 
up at such and such a time , women will often mistake it as strength. 
Over time, once the woman is already emotionally committed to the 
relationship, the abusiveness tends to come out. 
When a guy is abusive and controlling, it is because deep inside, 
he is feeling needy and insecure. The only way he can fulfill his need 
for certainty in life, or in his relationships, is if he controls every single 
detail. His stance is to just say: Hey, I’m in charge, or: I make the 

How To Be A 3% Man 
74  
decisions here. That’s someone who is a control freak. Over time, that 
relationship can turn into a very abusive one, as his fear of losing 
control grows when she tries to express herself. 
A woman initially becomes submissive when she is with a control 
freak, because she sees that he is strong. Over time, she realizes that he 
doesn’t allow her to do anything. She will start to pull away and test, 
as women do, and he will react negatively because he is coming from a 
place of fear. He fears losing the person he loves, but the very fact that 
he fears it makes him become abusive in the way he operates in an 
effort to exert further control. With hope, she eventually will leave 
him. 
Some guys get jealous when they are out and they see some guy 
looking at their woman. They get all macho and want to go beat the 
guy up. That is needy, jealous, insecure, and controlling. It tells a 
woman: He does not have enough confidence in his own masculinity to 
feel he deserves to have a woman like me. When a guy is jealous, 
possessive, and a control freak, usually the thing that he fears the most 
is exactly what is going to happen – he is going to lose her. 
The Need for Certainty 
One of our core human needs is our  need for certainty. It can be 
the little devil on your shoulder that tells you not to wait a few days to 
call a woman. You should call her righ t away to make certain she is 
still interested. In our desire to ha ve that certainty about how someone 
else feels about us, we create within ourselves this feeling of lack of 
who we are as a person. We are looking to fulfill our need for certainty 
with her approval, and ends up crea ting the appearance of neediness. 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
75 
What we fear in life causes us to create the very circumstances we are 
trying to avoid. 
If you are uncertain of yourself, how can you expect to keep the 
ideal woman of your dreams? It is important to be aware of our need 
for certainty and how it can get us in trouble. Too many times I see 
strong, confident guys that are phe nomenal negotiators in business, 
and then they meet a beautiful woman and completely fall apart. It 
never ceases to amaze me. They make this metamorphosis from a 
strong, centered guy into a “butler”, someone who is willing to wait on 
the woman hand and foot. 
Because of the movies, music on the radio, and television shows, 
men have come to belie ve that they are supposed to wait on a woman 
hand and foot. They learn, basically, that if they become her butler, she 
will fall in love with them. That ma y look romantic in the movies, but 
when you try that in real life, that is not the way it happens. It actually 
lowers their level of interest. 
I had a friend that worked with a successful anchorwoman. We 
were all at a baseball game in one of the VIP suites. You could tell he 
was very into this woman. He would ask her if she wanted something 
to drink, and then go back and get her a napkin. He would hover 
around her, attending to her every nee d, and then sit off to the side as 
though he were waiting for his next orders. 
When she mentioned being cold, he  offered to get her a sweater, 
and then proceeded to go around to every person in the box to find her 
a sweater, announcing that she was cold. Now my friend was a smart 
businessman, in his forties, and a r eally nice guy. In business he was 
sharp, brilliant, and a great negotiator. However, when he came around 

How To Be A 3% Man 
76  
this woman, he went through this huge metamorphosis, and turned into 
a super pleaser. 
She went along with it, and took total advantage of his waiting on 
her hand and foot, like he was her pe rsonal butler. He was completely 
different when it came to business.  He lost his center around women, 
and it was obvious from her reaction that she would never give him the 
time of day if it came to his asking her out. He felt that if he did 
enough things for her, it would e volve into a romantic relationship. 
Nothing could be further from the truth. If you are a super pleaser, any 
woman that has a sense of strength of her own is never going to 
respect you as anything other than a friend. 
You have to be confident in your self and show it to a woman. It 
says to her: I know I’m good enough for you.  It gives them the feeling 
that you will be able to keep her safe, and she could trust herself to 
open up to you emotionally. She has to know you are strong, and she 
will test that with you, more so in the beginning than any other time. 
I like to make eye contact with a woman, and then keep it until 
she looks away. If I have to, I will get in a staring contest with her, but 
I will not be the first to look away. When she finally looks away, I 
know that I have passed that first test  of strength. If I were to be the 
one to look away first, it shows a weakness that she may or may not 
test again, depending on her level of interest in the first place. The 
more you show strength and confidence, the more you are able to 
quickly pass through her tests of your  strength, the faster you can get 
her to open up to you. She needs to know you are strong and will not 
buckle under her testing. 
When you go out on a date, you are there to be a gentleman – not 
a butler. If you want to meet a woman and get into a relationship, you 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
77 
have to act as though you are alread y in one. You have to have that 
kind of confidence level, because th at’s what draws women to you. It 
is called the fake it until you make it technique. Once you make it part 
of who you are, you will display that level of confidence whether you 
are in a relationship or not. Better yet, you will continually have a 
sense of centeredness that attracts women to you, without you even 
having to try. 
Staying On Track 
An important concept you need to keep in mind as you are going 
through your daily life is about being centered. What this means is that 
the same way you are at work and in your business, is how you need to 
be when you meet a beautiful woman. You can’t just turn into some 
weak bowl of jello. That’s what most guys do. They meet a woman 
that they are really interested in and they go from these strong, 
centered guys to weak, needy, and insecure, super pleasers. Most men 
think that being a pleaser, or being a butler and waiting on a woman 
hand and foot, is a way to get her to fall for you. 
The only difference in how the many concepts I am teaching may 
apply to you is whether you are already in a relationship, or if you are 
just meeting a woman for the first time. If you are already in a 
relationship, you will not be using the approach techniques, but the 
underlying principles are still the same. From the beginning, a woman 
is continually testing you to see if you are worthy of her time. She is 
seeing if you are strong enough to go the distance. If you pass her 
tests, she will open up to you emotionally. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
78  
You always want to be reading her level of interest. It is important 
to keep building a sense of anticipa tion. By understanding her interest 
levels and where they are at, you can tell if you need to adjust what 
you are doing to draw her back to you. You always want to keep her 
interested, and you have to avoid complacency. 
It is important to remember that the way you treat her when you 
are dating her and the way you treated her to get her to fall in love with 
you in the first place, is the same way that you need to treat her even 
after being married for twenty years. The courtship is on-going and it 
is never going to end. Always build anticipation. Avoid falling into 
routines. Don’t go out every Friday night and take your wife to dinner. 
Try going out one week on a Wednesday night to do something 
different. Skip a week and take her out twice the following week. 
Always keep her wondering. Add s pontaneity. Leave her curious as to 
when the next surprise is going to come. 
You need to remain certain. You need to remain in your 
masculine, and allow your woman to be in her feminine. You have to 
remain centered at all times and never let her push you off that center. 
By maintaining this certainty within yourself, you are also maintaining 
a long and lasting relationship with  a woman you truly want to be 
with. You have earned the right to the relationship you truly deserve. 
The Purpose of All Relationships 
When you can find certainty within yourself, you are not only 
giving yourself the gift of a wonderful and loving relationship, but you 
are also giving the woman of your dreams the strength she needs to 
trust. You are giving her the gift of allowing her to open herself to 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
79 
being in her feminine. Better yet, she is able to be in that place of her 
feminine especially for you. 
No matter what the relationship, the foremost thing that needs to 
be in your mind is that you enter in to a relationship to give. You give 
because that is who you are and you expect nothing in return. 
However, you need to always watch what you do get in return, and 
decide if it is acceptable to you. Give your gifts from love. Love never 
requires anything in return. It is in the giving that makes you feel 
good. True love does not have attach ments. You give freely, without 
caring what comes back in return. You give of yourself because that is 
who you are. 
When you want to get into a relationship, you have to go into the 
relationship not with what you can get out of it, but with what you can 
put into it. The purpose of all relationships – and this is not only for 
your intimate relationships, but also for your friendships, the people 
that you work with, your kids, or any other relationship you have – is 
to go into those relationships to give. If you go into a relationship 
focused on what you are going to get out of it, you will be placing 
expectations on some new person that you just met. 99% of the time, 
they are not going to live up to your expectations and you will end up 
disappointed. 
Many guys go out with a woman and think: Oh, I took her to 
dinner, and showed her this great tim e. She had fun. I am expecting to 
have sex at the end of the night.  Instead of looking at what you are 
going to get out of a relationship, you should be thinking: How can I 
give to this person? How can I contribute to her? How can I make her 
life really amazing? When I go out with women, my primary goal is 

How To Be A 3% Man 
80  
for her to have a good time. My cont ribution is to make her laugh, 
make her feel comfortable, and make her happy – that’s it. 
Everything else takes care of itself. If both people are focused on 
what they can give to a relationship, the relationship is going to 
flourish. But if one or both people are focused on what they are getting 
out of it, it’s not a relationship, it’s a transaction. You might as well go 
get a hooker, if that is what you are looking for. If you are going out 
on a date with an expectation of havi ng sex, go get a hooker. It is a lot 
cheaper, and there are no emotional attachments. If you truly want to 
have somebody you can share your life with, someone you can love, 
someone where you can enrich their life, and have fun with – that is 
the purpose of a relationship. 
If you select somebody that has the same kinds of qualities as you 
have, they are going to focus on making you happy as well. When both 
people are focused on simply giving to the other person and not 
worrying about what comes in return, the needs of both are going to be 
fulfilled, regardless. It is in the giving that needs are fulfilled. 
I said this before, but it bears repeating: Once a guy really 
understands women and is able to get in to a relationship, he is going 
to realize that every relationship is an opportunity for growth. You can 
become and understand the type of  man you are totally capable of 
becoming. At the same time, you inspire and help her grow into 
everything she is capable of becoming as a woman. 
Making Lasting Change 
Lasting change should be a goal. I know some of you are asking: 
Why should I change all these things?  Think about this for a moment: 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
81 
What is the outcome? What do you want out of a relationship? Why do 
you want this? Now take a sheet of paper and split into two categories.  
One of my favorite speakers, Tony Robbins says: People will do 
more to avoid pain than they will to gain pleasure.  For the purpose of 
this exercise, take one column and write down: Okay, if I don’t change 
all the things I have been doing in the past, here are all the 
consequences. List all the painful things that will happen: Well, if I 
won’t go up and ask a woman with confidence what her phone number 
is, I will never get the kind of woman that I want in life. I will never 
have the type of relationship I really want. 20 years from now I will 
still be wondering: What is it like to have the type of woman that I 
really feel I deserve?  Or maybe: If I don’t change my behavior, my 
wife has already told me that she is going to leave me. 
You know, it is ironic that most guys will never seem to have time 
to spend with their wives, but they always have time to go visit the 
divorce lawyer. They make the time for those types of things, but they 
don’t make the time for things that r eally count while they still have a 
chance to avoid the pain. What are all the painful consequences of not 
changing your behavior? Write them all down. If you do not change 
what you are doing, what are all the negative, painful things that are 
going to happen? 
For the other category, consider: What are all the pleasurable 
things that can happen if you change your behavior? This is for all the 
good things that can happen in your life. Along with your list for your 
perfect woman, you need to review this every day. 
So what do you do if you just met someone last night and you just 
know she’s into you? Normally, you want to call her right away. You 
feel as though: Oh, God, if I don’t call her right now, I am going to 

How To Be A 3% Man 
82  
burst. If I don’t call her, she is goi ng to get pissed off and mad at me.  
The bottom line is that you have to ask yourself a simple question: 
Have you ever gotten the type of  woman you really want and have 
been able to keep her, based upon what you were doing in the past? Of 
course, the answer is going to be: No. 
I went through all these same dilemmas when I first started 
following these concepts. Honestly? I felt as though I wanted to pull 
my fingernails out, as opposed to just waiting a few days to call her. It 
absolutely drove me nuts. The truth is that it gives her that sense of 
anticipation, which is what she wants. What I later learned was that the 
girls that I had met and liked and who also had a really high level of 
interest in me were going through the same thing. They kept thinking: 
Why hasn’t he called? I thought he really liked me. I don’t understand. 
Maybe I know someone who knows him…Maybe I can get his number 
and call him. 
Who knows? If she has really high interest, she may call you 
before those several days have pa ssed. So it is important to follow 
these concepts. I will say this with confidence: It is really freeing when 
you go out on a date to know: Wow, All I have to do is ask the 
questions, and keep my answers to the questions that she asks me 
positive, light, be funny, be humorous, get her to laugh, and just have a 
good time. Don’t talk about sex…It makes it so easy. You want to 
banter back and forth and always respond to her tests with playful 
humor. 
Now you are starting to get an idea of what you should be doing. 
In the next sections, I will start to show you how these are applied in 
practical situations. If you are alr eady in a relationship, you have to 
start dating her again and treat her like you did when you were 

Part IV: It’s Not All About You 
83 
courting her. She will fall back in love with you and everything will 
fall back into place. All of these things work. They will make an 
incredible impact on not only you, but also your dating and 
relationship life. After all, it’s not all about you. But it is where you 
have to start. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
84  

 
85 
PART V: MAKING YOUR MOVE 
Approaching the Beautiful Woman 
One of the things I pointed out earlier is that when a guy meets a 
woman, he instantly knows whether or not he has a high level of 
interest in her. With a guy, he’s ready to throw his arms around a 
woman at the drop of a hat. With women, it is the experience of the 
courtship that turns her on emotionally, and all the anticipation leading 
up to the actual dating part of the relationship. 
It starts when you first meet her, with how you present yourself 
and how you are dressed. Do you ta ke care of yourself? Do you look 
good? Do you wear nice clothes? Do you dress nice? Do you shave? 
Do you have nice cologne on? Do you take care of your appearance? 
When you talk to her, are you a gentleman? One of the mistakes 
guys make when they first meet a woman is they start talking about 
sex right away. That is one of the biggest turn-offs for women. Many 
guys seem to think you can raise a woman’s interest level in you by 
talking about sex. It is the furthest thing from the truth. If you start 
talking about sex after first meeting her, she thinks you are a pig, you 
have no manners, and you are just out looking to get laid. You need to 
take that word out of your vocabul ary all together when you meet a 
woman, if you are looking toward the long term possibilities. 
When you are out and see someone you are interested in, you need 
to first start looking for signs of interest. If you look at her and you 
think: Wow, what a very beautiful woman. I’d like to meet her. Look at 
her body language. Look her in the eyes. Is she looking back? Is she 
checking you out? What does her body language say? Is she facing 

How To Be A 3% Man 
86  
you? Does she smile when you look at her? Or if you look at her and 
she catches you looking, make eye contact and smile at her. Does she 
smile back? Does she look away? If she smiles at you that may be an 
invitation that says: Hey, I find you attractive. 
What you need to do at that point, is walk over to her. Before you 
even say anything to her, keep watching for signs of interest. Is she 
facing you? Is she looking you in the eye? Is she not paying attention 
to you? The more attention she give s you is an indication of her level 
of interest. It is really too soon to rate at this point because you haven’t 
even talked to her yet. Her interest level can’t really be determined 
until you do, but you can pay attention to the more subtle signals first. 
By understanding all these little things, you will eventually 
become aware of where you stand even before you start talking to her. 
The place where I am at in my lif e is that now, when I look at a 
woman, I know right away if she is interested. I also know right away 
if she is single. The more you work with these techniques and make 
them a part of you, the more highly developed your instincts become. 
Remember, she already knows how to do this with you. This only 
levels the playing field. 
Women use their radar all the time. Most guys are completely 
clueless. They think a woman is interested, mostly because they are 
projecting their own level of interest on her. They think that by talking 
to her, buying her drinks at a bar, and talking about sex, it will make 
her all of the sudden become intere sted in them. A woman who is out 
for the night will let a guy buy her drinks all night long, even if she’s 
not interested. 
A man also makes the mistake of talking to a woman he has just 
met about all the bad relationships he has had in the past, thinking 

Part V: Making Your Move 
87 
maybe she will feel sorry for him. He will tell her that he is single and 
completely available, because he thinks it is what she wants to hear. 
He believes these are the things that are going to turn a woman on.  
Nine times out of ten, the things he is saying are actually turning 
her off. He is sounding needy, a nd is not coming from a place of 
strength. He is laying himself out like an open book and is building no 
anticipation for her to find out more  about him later. There is no 
mystery, no challenge, and no chance in hell that she will go out with 
him. 
So as you are walking over and approaching this woman, you are 
watching. Is she looking at you when you are approaching? If she’s 
not, it doesn’t mean anything, but agai n, the more she’s staring at you, 
the more she’s checking you out, the greater the chance is that she has 
a high level of interest in you. 
Now let’s say that you are completely noticing her and she looks 
at you. If her eyes then go to the left or the right and she just continues 
doing what she is doing, that usuall y means that she’s not finding you 
appealing enough. If you are walking toward her, and she looks you in 
the eye, looks down, back up at you, and then away, that usually 
means that she has an attraction to you. 
One of techniques shared with me  is something that can be done 
when you are out at a bar, or a night club. You and whoever you are 
with should take your drinks and make a couple of laps around the bar. 
Whenever you see a group of women, especially ones you are 
interested in, you can walk up to them and say: Hey ladies, how are 
you doing? 
At that point, hold your glass up and toast, or touch glasses 
together. Then ask: Are you ladies having a good time?  When they 

How To Be A 3% Man 
88  
reply: Yes, you are going to say: Great! Have that level of confidence 
and courtesy that says, without actua lly saying it, that you may have 
something to do with the club, or you may be the owner’s son, or 
something along those lines. 
From there, you are going to leave and move on to the next group 
of ladies and do the same thing. Make a couple of trips around the bar. 
When you come back through to the same group, just toast them again 
and keep on moving. Now you have shown up, toasted them and asked 
if they are having a good time, and then walked away. You leave them 
wondering: Who are those guys? They look like they’re having a good 
time. 
After that, seat yourself at one of the tables in plain view of 
everybody. Simply hang out with your buddies and let the women 
come to you. Now you have gone around the bar and have created a 
connection with all these groups of women. Every time you walk back 
by these groups of women, you have  made yourself more familiar to 
them. Just by “clinking” your glasses together in a toast, you have 
increased their awareness of you. 
Eventually some of these women are going to start coming up to 
you. They are going to want to hang  out and talk. You have created a 
setting where they are comfortable. You haven’t gone up and started 
hitting on them like every other guy in the bar is doing. You are just a 
guy that is out having a good time. You and your buddies are now seen 
as guys that are completely different than every other guy in the place. 
You are out to have a good time, and are not there to chase the girls 
around. You have made yourself approachable. 
When you are going around, they may stop you and talk to you. 
Or maybe when you are going to the bathroom, they might stop you 

Part V: Making Your Move 
89 
and try to talk. You have just created an opportunity to get to know 
them, get their information, and l eave. You are taking two steps 
forward, one step back. You are not hanging around like every other 
guy is doing. You are coming in slowly, and then you are gone again. 
You are building anticipation, and being a challenge. 
The Path to Success 
So as you walk over to a woman, the most important thing to 
consider is what you are going to say. Most guys will walk up and say: 
Hi, my name is Corey. What’s your name? That is a blown opportunity 
to see whether she is interested in you or not. When you walk up to a 
woman that you have not met, you need to walk up and simply say: Hi. 
What’s your name?  Wait for her response. She may say something 
along the lines of: My name’s Jessica. At this point, you are not going 
to volunteer and say: Well, my name’s Corey . When she says: My 
name’s Jessica, you are only going to say: Well, Jessica, it’s nice to 
meet you, without volunteering your name. This is the first test of you 
reading her level of interest. 
Now compare the following two responses. 1) Oh, it’s nice to 
meet you. 2) It’s nice to meet you. What’s your name?  Which one do 
you think shows more interest in you – the one that wants to know 
your name? Or the one that just says: Nice to meet you? Nine times out 
of ten, the one that wants to know your name means she has a higher 
level of interest. In other words, sh e finds you attractive or appealing. 
She wants to know who you are. 
Your whole goal when you meet a woman is to judge her level of 
interest in you. If it appears that sh e has a high level of interest, then 

How To Be A 3% Man 
90  
you want to get her home phone number, a way to get in contact with 
her. You are not going to tell her that you are going to call and ask her 
out on a date. Just the very fact that you are asking for her phone 
number tells her that you are intere sted. She knows what that question 
means. 
A woman knows instinctively: The reason he’s asking is because 
he likes me.  He wants to take me out . It is not necessary to volunteer 
and say: I’m going to call you. I want to take you out on a date.  Your 
interest is already obvious to her just  by the fact that you have walked 
over to her and asked her for her name. The fact that you want to take 
her out on a date is obvious at the moment you ask for her phone 
number. It is common sense to the intuition of a woman. It is only 
guys that do not see it as common sense. This is what I am helping you 
to develop. 
After you have gone up to her and introduced yourself, you are 
going to talk, joke, and banter with her. An important thing to keep in 
mind – and guys in sales understand this – is the person that’s asking 
the questions is the one in control of  the conversation. Your goal is to 
find out as much as you can about her and give her as little information 
about yourself as possible. Respond to her questions with light, joking 
answers and ask her another question. You are leaving yourself as a 
mystery in her eyes. You are buildin g anticipation of her finding out 
who you are and anything about you. 
You want her to dig for information. The reason you are not going 
to volunteer straight forward answers is that you want to see what her 
level of interest is in you. If she has a higher level of interest, she is 
going to ask you questions: What do you do? Where do you work? 

Part V: Making Your Move 
91 
Where are you from?  The more personal the questions are that she 
asks, the higher her level of interest. 
Ask her questions like: Where do you work? What do you do for a 
living? What do you like to do for fun? Where are you from originally? 
Keep it light, and ask only the basic, icebreaker questions. Do not ask 
her if she has a boyfriend. She may have a guy she is dating that she 
recently broke up with, or maybe she is considering breaking it off 
with him. 
A woman that has a very low interest in a current boyfriend may 
just be waiting to break up with him until she meets someone new. 
There are many women that will not break up with a boyfriend until 
they have a replacement. It is one of those things that stuns guys who 
have been married for ten years and their wife just left them: How can 
she be dating another guy the week after we split up?  It is because she 
stayed with you until her interest level hit rock bottom and then waited 
to leave until she had somebody else lined up. So, you don’t need to 
ask her if she has a boyfriend. It is unimportant. Her questions, her 
body language, how she acts toward you – this is going to give away 
what her level of interest is.  
Your goal is to make her laugh and make her feel comfortable. 
Only talk about positive things. You are not there to talk about how 
you just got dumped by your last girlfriend, or how you never seem to 
get the type of girls you really want. Trying to make her feel sorry for 
you is not going to raise her level of in terest. It will have the opposite 
effect and turn her off to you. Keep  it funny. Keep it light. Don’t talk 
about real serious subjects. Don’t talk about marriages, politics, or 
religion. Make her laugh. Joke, banter , and tease her. Just have a good 
time with her. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
92  
Here is the next key to success: You shouldn’t need to spend more 
than five to fifteen minutes with her . After five to fifteen minutes of 
talking with her, joking around, and having fun, if you are successful 
at making her laugh, then she is showing a high level of interest. Think 
about it. If you are telling really stupid, corny jokes and she is 
laughing at them even though you know they are not that funny, it tells 
you she has a high level of interest. 
The next step is to get her phone number. Ask her something 
along the lines of: Jessica, I’ve got a question for you - what’s your 
phone number? After that, just stop. Do not say anything else. You are 
going to listen and pay attention to he r response. If she just pulls out a 
piece of paper, or a napkin and just writes down her number and gives 
it to you, that shows a high level of interest. But you also need to pay 
attention to how she is engaged in th at process. You need to watch her 
body language, and how she gives you her information. 
If she gives you her e-mail address, her work number, her home 
number, her cell phone number, and she tells you the best times to call 
her, that is definitely a sign of high interest. The more a woman likes 
you, the more she is going to help you. If she really likes you, if she’s 
really interested in you, she is going to make it very easy for you to get 
to her front door and take her out. If she is giving you all her contact 
information, she wants to make sure if you do call, or want to get in 
contact with her, that you are able to get in contact with her. 
So the more information she passes along to you will give away 
what her level of interest is. Now if you ask her for her home number 
and she says or does anything other than giving you the number, well, 
the lower her level of in terest is, the more she’s going to test you. The 
less interest she has, the more difficult she is going to make it for you 

Part V: Making Your Move 
93 
to get that information. She may like you enough to go out with you, 
but she may test you to see if you’re strong enough for her. 
If she has a real low level of interest, say in the low 50s, on a scale 
from 0-100, she might come back with something like: Why do you 
want my number? Or: You’re very forward. It is also possible that she 
may ask you for your business card. If a woman won’t give you her 
number and instead asks for your business card, it shows a low level of 
interest. Most women will put that  card away and never look at it 
again, or just simply throw it away. 
We will take a look at how these percentages work, and how to 
judge her level of interest later in this section, but this is a very 
important point that I need to make: If a woman’s interest level is 
below the 51% point, there is nothing that you are going to be able to 
do that will convince her to go out with you . At that point, you are 
wasting your time. 
If her interest level is above  51%, she will ask you personal 
questions. She will be making eye contact with you. When you are 
talking with her, how is her body facing? Is she turned toward you or 
is she turned away in the escape position, as though: I hope one of my 
girlfriends comes up and pulls me aw ay from this guy, because I don’t 
want to talk to him any more.  Is she touching you on the arm? Is she 
standing extra close? Is she bumping into you when you are talking? Is 
she touching your arm when you talk? Is she playing with her hair? 
These are all signs that show her in terest level is above 51%. If you 
ask her for her home number, doesn’t he sitate at all, and she just gives 
you her number, that is a good indi cation that her in terest level is 
above 51%. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
94  
An interest level that is below 51% is basically the opposite of all 
those things I just mentioned. She doesn’t ask you personal questions. 
She doesn’t ask you what your name is when you say: It’s nice to meet 
you, Jessica. She kind of keeps her distance when she’s talking to you. 
She is looking away, as though dist racted or disinterested. She gives 
you one word, or short answers. 
For example, when you say: Where did you grow up?  Response: 
South Florida . Question: Oh really? What was South Florida like?  
Response: It was nice.  That shows a lower level of interest as 
compared to: Oh, I loved growing up in South Florida. I went to high 
school down there. It was just so blah, blah, blah… If she likes you, 
she will talk to you. Again, the more she likes you, the easier she 
makes it. 
A woman is rarely going to come right out and say: Hey, you’re a 
really good looking guy and I want to go out with you. I want you to 
ask me out. Here is my number and all my contact information. I am 
available Sunday through Thursday, and you can call me. I’ll go out 
any time you want, and I’d like to do dinner.  This is just not typical. 
Women like the mystery. They like the process of dating. They want to 
discover, and they want to be discovered. 
This also means they don’t want to know everything about you 
when first meeting you. Most guys, when they meet a woman, spend a 
lot of time telling a woman everything about them. At that point, you 
have totally taken the mystery out of it. Now that she knows your 
whole life story, what does she need to go out with you for? If you go 
out on a date, she already knows everything about you. There is 
nothing left for her to discover. You have taken it all away and made it 
too easy for her. 

Part V: Making Your Move 
95 
A woman doesn’t want it to be easy.  She wants to be able to pull 
that information out of you. She loves to fish. She loves to work 
through the whole process with the thought: What am I going to find 
out next about this guy? Where’s he going to take me?  Make no 
mistake. It is a process with a woma n. You need to put her in that 
space of anticipation. 
If a woman asks you: Do you have a girlfriend?  Again, that is a 
sign of high interest. How do you respond to a question like that? Do 
you have a girlfriend? You are not going to say: Well, I broke up with 
my girlfriend two years ago and I haven’t had a date since.  The best 
response is not to say: No, I don’t have a girlfriend.  When she asks: 
Do you have a girlfriend?  Just say: I’m just dating and having a lot of 
fun right now. That can mean that you have five girlfriends. That can 
mean you have one. It leaves her wondering and helps to build the 
anticipation of what she may find out about you. 
Just remember the key point that I mentioned earlier: The one who 
is asking the questions is the one t hat’s in charge of the conversation . 
The goal when you first meet a woman is to read her level of interest 
and to get her home number, so you can later call to take her out. You 
are not going to tell her you are go ing call and take her out. You are 
not going to give her any hints about what you may or may not do on a 
first date. You are simply going to ask for her home number. 
Once you have achieved that goal, you are going to say: Well, I’ve 
really enjoyed meeting you and have a great evening, Jessica. Then 
you are going to move on. If it is a party or a social event and there are 
other beautiful ladies there, you ar e going to want to get as many 
phone numbers as possible. You don’t want all these women to see 

How To Be A 3% Man 
96  
you getting phone numbers from different women, so be discreet about 
it. 
Because again, you may read a woman’s level of interest and 
think she is really interested in you, but that may not be the case. You 
may meet a woman that’s great, you call to take her out, and then find 
she is in the process of breaking up with another guy, or she may be 
going back to her ex-boyfriend. She may have originally displayed a 
high interest in you and then you try to ask her out and all of the 
sudden she seems totally turned off. You don’t know what is going on 
in the background. 
The key is that you don’t want to get hung up and hold 
attachments to one particular lady until she does all the things right to 
warrant you devoting all of your intere st and all of your energy to her. 
Guys will meet a woman, they haven’t even gone on the first date, and 
they already start imagining themselves married to this woman, what 
their kids are going to look like, all the fabulous vacations they will 
take as a family, what they will be doing on the first date. Guys will do 
all this before the night is even over when they met this woman. You 
do not really know until you call her and you take her out a few times 
what her level of interest and her emotional availability is. 
In the movies they always show: You are going to meet this one 
woman and it is going to be this be-all, end-all relationship . I have 
news for guys. When you start relationships, or even when you first 
meet somebody, what you want now  and what you want a year from 
now may change. You may decide you want something or someone 
totally different. This is because when you get to that place where you 
know you can have any woman you want who has a high interest level 
in you to start with, and you know how to own her heart, it gives you a 

Part V: Making Your Move 
97 
lot of choices. So basically, once you get her home phone number, you 
are going to walk away from her. 
The Many Shades of “No” 
When you first meet a woman, one of the things she might say is: 
I’m not looking for a relationship.  One of the reasons a woman says 
this, is that a lot of guys come on so heavy when they meet her. They 
start talking about girlfriends. They  start talking about dating and all 
this other stuff, and she starts thinking: This guy is needy. This guy has 
no confidence and is weak. Women come up with generic responses to 
these situations because most guys will not take no for an answer. 
Another thing about women that y ou have to understand is that 
they are never going to say: I don’t like you. I am not attracted to you, 
and I wouldn’t go out with you if you were the last man on earth . Very 
few women are blunt enough to respond to a man’s advances in this 
way. The reason most women will not directly tell you they are not 
interested in you is because men have pretty much made them that 
way. 
When a man has met a woman and is really into her he will ask 
for her phone number. If she is not into him, she could say: I’m sorry, 
but I’m not interested.  Too many times, the typical man’s response is 
something along the lines of: What do you mean, you’re not 
interested? If she replies: I’m just not interested.  He will often push 
the issue: What do you mean? Are you saying you don’t like me?  At 
this point she is getting uncomfortable and she tries to explain: Well, 
you’re just not the type of guy I would normally date. He, in turn, starts 

How To Be A 3% Man 
98  
to become indignant about it: What does that mean? I’m not good 
enough for you? I’m not good looking enough for you? 
How do you ever get anybody to go out with you, if you have that 
kind of attitude? It’s pretty arrogant, don’t you think? Every woman 
has met a guy that has acted that way in her life. The guys won’t take 
“no” for an answer. So she, indirectly, is hoping that he will get the 
hint and understand her “secret langua ge” that she is speaking to him. 
Which is a roundabout way of saying: I’m really not interested . 
Women will even sometimes give you their home number, because 
they do not want to lie to you, but they also want to avoid the typical 
man’s confrontational be havior. They know that later, through voice 
mail and answering machines, they can just screen you out and 
hopefully you will get the hint and go away. 
If they think you may be a real nuisance, they may even give you 
a wrong number. This brings another point to mind: When a woman 
gives you the number, don’t stand there, pull out your cell phone and 
call it to see if it is a legitimate number . Some guys will actually do 
this. It is so needy. It is also insecure. What it says to her is: I really 
don’t think I am good enough to take you out, and I don’t really think 
you are interested in me. I want to make sure right in front of you that 
you are not lying to me. Right away you are telling her that you don’t 
even trust her. 
At that point, you are done, even if she gave you a real number to 
begin with. You just lowered her inte rest level, and it may have been 
high to start with. When you eventually do call her, you are going to 
find out whether she likes you or not. After all, who cares? You don’t 
want to waste your time and energy by going out and getting 
emotionally hung up on a woman that has no interest in you. You only 

Part V: Making Your Move 
99 
want to spend your time with a woman that has a high interest level, 
because she will make it easy to date her, and she will be a lot more 
fun when you do. You will not have to work so hard. 
Again – It’s Not All about You 
The place where you want to always come from, not only when 
you are in the relationship, but also  before you have met someone, is 
to not take rejection personally. You have to go through life, give your 
gift, give your presence, and give who you are. People are either going 
to accept it, or not. You can’t take it personally. 
If someone doesn’t want to go out with you, or you thought 
someone was really interested enough and it turned out that they really 
weren’t – you can’t take it personally. At the end of the day, the ones 
that really like you are going to help you and they are going to be with 
you. The ones that don’t like you are not going to be with you. It is 
simple logic. 
What if you have been dating for several months, you have been 
doing everything right, you keep giving, giving, giving to your 
woman, and she’s not giving back? Tell her how it is that you want her 
to give back to you. What if she still doesn’t do it? She may not be a 
giver. It just may not be her personality. At that point, you can decide: 
I am not being treated as I id eally see myself being treated.  You can 
make the decision on whether or not to  leave the relationship. Most of 
the time women are the ones to break up with guys. Women are 
usually the ones to file for divorce. Guys are usually the ones that get 
dumped, without realizing why they got dumped in the first place.  

How To Be A 3% Man 
100  
If a woman doesn’t have a high level of interest to start with, if it 
is not above 51%, there is nothing you can do. No amount of talking to 
her, joking, teasing, is going to do anything to make her want to be 
with you. It is important to understand that. 
You may walk up to talk to a woman, and she may be rude to you. 
She may say something like: I do not find you attractive. I would never 
go out with you.  You have to approach the situation with a response 
that shows you really don’t care what she thinks. It doesn’t matter. 
You could say something like: You are entitled to your opinions, and 
you know what they say about opinions.  Or: I’m the most attractive 
unattractive guy you have ever met. Or even: I just like to make people 
laugh and smile. I’m sorry you are having such a bad day that you 
would go out of your way to hurt so meone’s feelings. Hey, I’m sorry 
you got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning. Have a great 
night…and just walk away. Don’t waste your time. 
No one is ever going to say or do anything that is not a direct 
reflection of how they feel about th emselves in a given moment. If a 
woman is nasty to you, she could be testing you, or she could have had 
a bad day. Maybe she just doesn’t want to be approached. Keep in 
mind that you are a strong centered guy, she just threw a big barb at 
you, and you deflected it.  
Meeting women is a numbers game. Some women are not going 
to like you and some women are. Y ou have to be indifferent about it 
and not let it get to you. 

Part V: Making Your Move 
101 
Handling the Pressure Points 
While your goal is driving you to meet the kind of woman you 
feel you deserve, this also means you want to be screening them out. 
You do not want someone that is a user or into only material things. If 
a woman asks: What kind of car do you drive? Not that it matters…  It 
says it really does matter to her. Tell her you rode the bus, walked, 
came on skates. 
If she asks where you live, tell her something silly like: Well, 
actually, I was hoping to move in with you and have you support me 
and wait on me hand and foot . Be silly, outrageous, or be stupid. Do 
not give these types of obviously ma terialistic questions a straight 
answer. There are women that look for security and will marry a guy 
they do not love. These types of wo men are looking for security. They 
don’t care who you are or what you are all about. 
If a woman tells you looks are not important, point out some 
unlikely man in the bar and ask: What about that guy? A lot of women 
will respond with: He’s not my type, even though she has never spoken 
to him before. It shows that looks are important to her. It’s not that she 
is necessarily being dishonest with you, but it does give you further 
evidence of what I mentioned before: What a woman says is not 
necessarily what she responds to. 
If a woman asks: Do you have a girlfriend?  Be playful. You do 
not want her to think you haven’t ha d a date in 2 years. Respond with 
indirect or playful answers like: I’m just out dating and having fun. Or: 
There is always room for one more . When you come off with 

How To Be A 3% Man 
102  
confidence, she may further test with: Are you a player?  You could 
reply playfully: Sure, I play sports. Or: I played sports in high school. 
If she gives you the: That’s not what I mean.  Look at her with 
curiosity and ask her straight out: What do you mean?  The point is, 
that no matter what her question, no ma tter how she tries to test you, 
you can’t let her think she can get under your skin. Keep it light. Keep 
it playful. 
When a woman tells you: Well, I don’t date guys who are players. 
You can ask her straight out: Who said I wanted to date you?  Or: 
When I meet someone who is worth my time, I will be exclusive with 
her. I haven’t determined whether I want to go out with you or not.  At 
that point start asking her: Why should I go out with someone like you? 
Are you hitting on me? Are you fun? 
The whole point to these questions is that she may or may not be 
interested. The lower her interest level, the more she will test you. Pay 
attention to her reactions. Don’t be offensive, but show that you could 
care less whether she likes you or not. Have her try to prove to you 
why she is worth your time. 
Another one of the things that women will actually test guys on is 
to see how firm they are in their position. The guy will say something 
to the effect of: Oh, I like blue colored cars. She might respond with: I 
don’t like blue colored cars. I like red colored cars . Some guys will 
turn around and change their opinion to match hers, trying to please 
her. They think that’s what she wants. He will then say something like: 
Well, blue really…Now that I think about it, I actually do like red more 
than I like blue. I guess I have to agree with you. They will change one 
of their core beliefs on things they want to match that of the woman. 

Part V: Making Your Move 
103 
She is trying to see if she can get you to change your opinion to 
match hers. If you go along with it, you are being weak and failing her 
test. What it tells her is that you will go along with anything she says. 
The challenge for her is now taken away, and she will move onto the 
next guy. 
Timing is Everything 
Okay, so now you have gone out and collected phone numbers. 
The next question is: When do you call her?  Most guys, predictably, 
when they get a number on a Friday night, they will call the girl the 
next day. Some will even call that night. All this tells a woman is that 
you are needy. It displays your insecurities in big, bold, neon letters.  It 
tells her you are not centered, you are not confident, and that you 
haven’t even gone out on your firs t date with her yet and you already 
can’t live without her. 
All women have been with guys like that, and it will turn her off 
to the point where she is probably not going to even bother to call you 
back. She may talk to you if you manage to get her on the phone, but 
she will never go out with you. She perceives you as being needy, and 
for her, that is a big turn off. 
Always wait to call a woman for the first date. Don’t call her the 
very next day. By doing this, you are already building anticipation, and 
setting yourself apart from all the guys that did call her right away. If I 
meet a woman on a weekend, like a Friday or Saturday night, then I 
will wait to call her until Thursday to ask her out for the following 
week. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
104  
If she does have a high level of interest in you to start with, and 
you don’t call her that night or the very next day like most guys 
predictably do, it’s going to cause her interest level to go up. Let’s say 
she gave her number out to ten guys. If nine of them called the next 
day to ask her out and you didn’t, she is going to wonder : I wonder 
why that guy didn’t call. I know I’m beautiful. I’ve got these nine other 
guys calling. What’s the deal with that?  You are making her wonder 
about you. When she’s wondering about you, it is having a positive 
effect on her level of interest. 
You are being a challenge. You are being different. That is what 
all women are dying for. They are dying for a guy that is not needy, 
one that is not going to be jumping all over a chance to go out with 
them, someone that they can pitc h and catch with, someone that’s 
strong, and someone that they can’t have their way with. This is kind 
of what the bad boys do. What is the draw of a Brad Pitt, or an actor, 
or the guys that get up on stage all the time? What is it that draws 
women to guys like that? 
It is power. It is confidence. It is danger. It is challenge. It is 
mystery. It is the feeling: I don’t think I could ever get my way with the 
guy, and that makes me feel safe . This guy could protect me.  Women 
want a strong, centered guy. 
A good rule of thumb on when to call a woman is this: If you met 
her on a Friday or Saturday, call her back on Thursday and set up a 
date for the following week. By the time you actually go out, it may 
have been a week and a half. If you met her on a Sunday thru 
Thursday, call the following Monday or Tuesday and ask her out for 
Thursday or the following Monday. The goal is to leave days where 

Part V: Making Your Move 
105 
she is going to be wondering about you, anticipating your call, and 
raising her level of interest. 
The Test of Time 
Now, there are several reasons why you wait to call her. The first 
reason is to build the anticipation of your phone call and leave her 
wondering. The second is to test her level of interest again. These first 
stages of getting to know a woman and asking her out are all about 
testing her level of interest in you. This will let you know where you 
stand, and whether or not she is even worth your continued effort. 
So now that you have built her anticipation, you are going to call 
her. When you do call, if you get her on the phone, you are going to 
say: This is Corey. You are not going to say: This is Corey Turner. We 
met the other night. I was wearing a purple shirt and it had pink polka 
dots on it, and we were at such and such a party. We were talking 
about this and that… No. You are simply going to say: Hey Jessica, 
this is Corey. How are you?  Then you are going to shut up. You want 
to see what her response is. Her response is going to tell you 
everything about her level of interest. 
Now if she says: Oh, Corey. I was wondering when you were 
going to call. I thought maybe you lost my number or something.  
Remember, no guy does this to her. First, this tells you she has really 
high interest in you. Second, it tells  you she has been thinking about 
you, and you have just caused her interest level to go up even more. 
If she says: Who? You are going to repeat: This is Corey. You are 
not going to tell her your last name  or where you met or anything. If 
she says: Where do I know you from?  You need to think about this. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
106  
You have already thought about what your kids are going to look like, 
where you are going to take her on this first date, how you planned to 
get a limo, and all these amazing, crazy things. Then you call her and 
she doesn’t even remember who you are. That shows that she has a 
very low level of interest. 
In this case, I have actually told the woman: I’m sorry. I must 
have the wrong number.  I am only going to go out with women who 
are saying: Oh, yes. I was wondering when you were going to call.  I 
am only going to spend my time with somebody that is really into me. 
If she has already forgotten, then her interest level wasn’t high enough 
to begin with. At that point, you just need to move on. 
Common sense says that you didn’t lose her number, you have 
been thinking about her all week, and then you call her and she doesn’t 
remember who you are. Do you really want to spend your time with 
someone like that? Even though she doesn’t remember you, she still 
may agree to go out with you. Someone like that is going to have a real 
low level of interest, and you are not  going to have as good of time as 
you would with someone who remembers who you are. If someone 
doesn’t remember you, you need to move on, because you’re wasting 
your time. It shows an interest level that is below 51%. 
If she does remember you, then y ou have determined that she has 
a higher level of interest in you. Wh en you met her, your goal was to 
get her phone number. Now that you have her on the phone, your goal 
is to get to her front porch. You want to actually be able to take her out 
on a date. 
At this point, most guys think: Oh, I’ve got to talk. I have to get 
her to really warm up to me. I have to talk to her on the phone a 
couple of times for two to three hours, and then I’ll finally ask her out . 

Part V: Making Your Move 
107 
No. Anyone in sales will tell you that the phone is for setting 
appointments, not for giving out information. 
Let’s assume she remembers who you are and she was wondering 
when you were going to call. Now you are going to be direct, 
confident, and you are going to say: Jessica, I’d like to take you to 
dinner next Tuesday. I would pick you up at say, eight o’clock. Would 
you like to go? You are not going to say: I was wondering if you would 
like to go out sometime.  That shows your schedule is wide open, you 
don’t have anything else going on, please pick a day where I actually 
get to spend time with you and have you grace me with your presence. 
A strong, confident guy is going to be sure of himself and knows 
he can have other women if he ch ooses. Why should this one woman 
warrant his time? You want to know that if you go out with her, she is 
going to have a high level of intere st. You are going to be direct, and 
you are going to ask her for a speci fic date. Once again be quiet, and 
listen for her response. 
If she says: Sure, I’d love to. That sounds great.  You are going to 
respond: What’s your address?  After you get her address you are 
going to say: Great, Jessica. I look forward to seeing you Tuesday 
night. That’s it. You have now set the date, and you have been direct. 
If she has a real high level of interest, this is pretty much how it 
will go. The lower her level of interest, there are certain things you are 
going to hear. If you are asking a woman out for a date, she makes the 
plans, gives her address and then gives you the: Call back to verify  or 
she says: What is your number in case something comes up?  That 
means it is more than likely something is going to come up and she is 
going to cancel. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
108  
My response in this situation is something along the lines of: 
Jessica, I have a really busy schedul e, and I would definitely like to 
take you out, but if you can’t make definite plans with me, then how 
about we just do it some other time?  Then you are going to wait for 
her response. It is what we call in sales, the Take Away. If she says: 
Yes. Give me a call and we’ll make it for some other time…her interest 
is low. If her interest is high, she will be more likely to say something 
along the lines of: No, I just wanted your num ber. I definitely want to 
see you. 
The whole thing is to judge her level of interest . You are making 
sure that you are not going out with a woman who is just going out to 
get out of the house. If a woman gives me the “call to verify”, I give 
them the same type of response: When I make plans, I make them to be 
there. If you can’t make plans with me Tuesday, then let’s just make it 
another night.  You are not going to say: Why don’t we make it 
Thursday? You are going to say: I want to take you out but I am only 
going to take you out if we can make definite plans. If you can’t, then 
let’s just do it some other time.  
Again, you are going to be quiet and wait for her response. I have 
had women do that, and then keep the date. That tells me that her level 
of interest is probably in the 50’s. At that point she is testing who you 
are, and by answering her test in this way, you are showing 
confidence. It makes her think: Okay. He stood up to me. I’ll go out 
with him. 
Remember, as far as you are concerned, you are a confident, 
good-looking guy. You want someone to be as excited about going out 
with you as you are with them. If someone is giving you a wishy-
washy answer, it is saying that it is not a big deal to them. They are 

Part V: Making Your Move 
109 
really not willing to go out of their way to spend time with you. If 
that’s the case, then you don’t want to spend your time with them. 
When you ask a woman out on a date and she counters your offer, 
or maybe calls you on the day of the date and tries to change the plans, 
she is testing you to see if you will give in to her. There was this one 
woman that I had gone out with befo re, and I had totally blown it with 
her. A couple years later, I ran into her, after I had figured things out 
about women. 
Now before I go any further with this, I do not want to give you 
the impression that you can just go back into your little black book and 
pull out all the women you have ever gone out with and try this. This 
is for more of a specialized circumstance, for if you come across her 
sometime in the future. Under normal circumstances, once something 
has ended with someone and they blew you off, forget about it and 
move on. 
I am including this story because it happened to be a special case. 
It is also a good example of how women test when they know there is 
a weakness. I am talking about a woma n that I was really into, but at 
one time, her level of interest in me was very low to start with. 
I was going out to dinner with a friend one night and I saw her. 
We were walking down the street and she happened to turn and face 
me. She gave me this kind of a st unned look, because we hadn’t talked 
in a couple of years and she had pretty much blown me off. I just 
looked over at her and grinned, and stayed where I was. We were only 
about ten feet away, but I didn’t go over to her. 
I called over to her : Hey, How are you doing?  She walked up and 
gave me a hug and we talked for a bit. I asked her what she and her 
friend were doing, and they told us they were going over to this one 

How To Be A 3% Man 
110  
bar. The old me would have followed them to the bar, but the new me 
just said: It was good seeing you. We were going to go have some 
dinner. You girls have a good time. 
My buddy and I turned and headed to the restaurant, which was 
not far away. At one point my friend  turned and looked. She was just 
standing in the middle of the street , staring at us with a look on her 
face that said: I can’t believe he just walked away from me.  It was 
something totally out of character. She had expected me to be all over 
her like a cheap suit, the way I had been in the past. It totally confused 
her. 
When my buddy told me this, I replied: Of course. She can’t 
believe that I just walked away from her.  I did my two steps forward, 
one step back. I hung out long enoug h to tease her and joke with her 
and then turned and walked away and went about my evening with my 
friend. I didn’t ask for her phone number or anything, because my 
attitude was: Maybe she’ll call me or e-mail me. 
This was on a Friday or Saturday. On Monday, she e-mailed me. 
She told me that she had been pretty shocked to see me again after all 
these years. One of the things that helped was that at the time, I was 
sort of a small-time, local celebrity. I had an infomercial that ran 
regularly on television. It created a bit of mystery and challenge that 
made her reconsider: What about this Corey guy? Something is 
different about him. 
The biggest part was that I walked away from her, which was 
totally out of character from how I us ed to be. I didn’t e-mail her back 
right away. She was into radio advertising at the time, and she 
suggested: Maybe I can come by and talk to you about radio 
advertising some time. I thought to myself: No. We’re not going to be 

Part V: Making Your Move 
111 
talking about radio advertising. Now I have a chance to make up for 
how I screwed up a couple of years ago. She left her number in the e-
mail, and I waited to call her back until the next day. 
All I said at that point was: Hey, this is Corey . There was that 
little awkward silence that said it was an: Oh my God, he called me , 
kind of moment on the phone with her. We talked for a couple of 
minutes. She was talking about adve rtising, and I gave her a cocky 
little attitude and said: Oh, so you wanted to get a hold of me to sell me 
some advertising, huh?  She went on to explain how she just got into 
the business, and how her bosses said she should try to talk to me. So I 
told her: Great. How about we go to lunch Thursday? I’ll pick you up 
at 12. 
She responded: You’re going to come here? I told her: Yes. I’m 
going to come pick you up.  She was hesitant, but we made the plans. 
She was very reluctant in how she handled the whole thing, but she 
gave me the address. I could tell that she was testing me because I had 
been so weak all those years ago. She wasn’t accepting of the fact that 
I could have changed that much, so she was testing me as much as she 
could. 
Again she said: You’re going to come here?  I told her: Yes. I am 
going to pick you up, and open the door, and I’m going to take you to 
lunch and we’re going to have a good time.  She said: Okay. Call me 
before you come just to confirm.  I told her: I don’t call and confirm 
dates or appointments. I’m a very busy guy. I would like to take you to 
lunch. If you can’t make a definite commitment to get together with me 
for lunch, then we will just have to do it some other time. 
After that I paused and wa ited. She backed up and said: Okay. I 
didn’t make the actual date until the next week because I really wanted 

How To Be A 3% Man 
112  
to stretch it out and heighten the anticipation. The day came, and I had 
told her I wasn’t going to call a nd verify. About an hour before the 
time came, she called me. I picked up the phone and she said: I just 
wanted to make sure you were coming.  I replied jokingly: Of course. I 
said I would. Are you telling me that you normally go out with guys 
that would stand you up?  She laughed and I added: If I tell you I’m 
going to do something, I will. I am a man of my word. You should 
know that by now. 
I went and picked her up, opened the car door and the whole nine 
yards. We went to lunch, sat dow n, and we never did talk about 
business. She did about 80% of the talking, and I was teasing her, 
joking with her, and bantering. Every time she asked me a question, I 
would give her a short answer and would joke back and forth with her. 
Later, I asked for the check and ended the lunch date. When we 
got back to her office, I didn’t get out and walk her to the door, 
because it wasn’t a formal date. She said: I had a nice time.  I replied: 
Yes, it was fun. It was good seeing you.  She looked at me expectantly, 
as though she was waiting for me to ask her out again. 
I used to do that a couple years ago. At the end of one date, I was 
already asking her out for the next one. You should never do this. It 
shows that you are weak, needy, and you are afraid if you try to call 
again that she won’t go out with you. You should always leave her 
wondering where she stands with you, raising the level of interest and 
anticipation. 
She e-mailed me that  afternoon and said: You never did answer 
any of my questions.  I sent her back a joking response. She e-mailed 
me again a couple of days later and I called her. She suggested we get 
together again and have some drinks . So I made the date with her and 

Part V: Making Your Move 
113 
asked for her address. She asked: You’re going to come to my house? I 
told her: Yes. That’s what a gentleman does. He comes to your house, 
picks you up, holds open the car door, and treats you like a lady. It is 
the way you should be treated. 
She told me: I can’t have you coming to my house.  I said: Why 
not? She replied: Because. I told her firmly, but jokingly: Just give me 
your address. I was treating it as though she were being a little silly. 
She gave me her address, but she also threw the “call back to verify” at 
me again. I told her: Hey, I would love to go out and have drinks with 
you, but if you can’t give me a de finite, then I’m not going to make 
plans with you.  She backed up and said: Okay. What time are you 
coming? I told her seven o’clock, and we made the date. 
When the day of the date arrived, she sent me an e-mail and told 
me she was feeling funny about it.  I found out she had just broken up 
with her boyfriend, and she was getting a little wishy-washy about 
going out, and then wanted to meet me wherever we were going. So I 
did the “take away”: If you don’t feel comfortable, then why don’t we 
just make plans some other time? 
She called me a bit later and told me she really wanted to see me. 
The problem was that her ex-boyfrie nd was starting to show up at her 
house unannounced, and she felt kind of weird about the whole thing. 
The last thing I wanted to do was to  show up to take her out and have 
some jealous ex-boyfriend show up. So in this particular case, I went 
along with her changing the plans. Normally I wouldn’t, because it’s 
usually a test of your strength, but this situation warranted a change of 
plans. 
So we went out to dinner and had a great time. Then she 
proceeded to tell me what an effect everything I did on the last date 

How To Be A 3% Man 
114  
had on her. It had definitely raised her interest level with each thing I 
had done, every step of the way. We sat there talking and never did 
end up ordering dinner. 11 o’clock came around. I lived downtown, so 
I suggested that we go back to my place and order pizza. 
I took her back to my place, which had a bar up in the loft, and we 
just hung out. After a while, I ju st knew it was time, from all the 
signals she was giving, and I told her: You need to come over here and 
kiss me. She just smiled, grabbed a napkin and wiped off her lipstick 
and came over to me. Needless to say, we had an incredible evening. 
She tested me more than a woman would normally do with a guy, 
and it was only because I had botched things so badly the first time 
around. This time, I did everything right. We had an awesome time 
and got to know each other. It had everything to do with being strong 
and confident, and being willing to walk away if she pushed me too 
far. That was the feeling I gave  her. Until a woman knows that and 
feels it, you will never own her heart. 
When you do finally go out on a date with a woman, you are 
going to have a lot more fun with  someone who has a high level of 
interest as opposed to a lower one. The lower the level of interest, the 
harder you are going to have to work on the date. You are going to be 
asking all the questions, and it is go ing to be harder to get responses 
out of her. If you go out with a wo man who has a high level of interest 
in you, she will be asking you tons of questions, and is going to be 
totally into you. Those are the type of women you want to spend your 
time with. 
When you call to ask a woman out, you are going to set a definite 
date, and you should not be on the phone more than five minutes. The 
phone is for setting appointments, not giving out information. I will 

Part V: Making Your Move 
115 
have women ask: You’re not going to call me before you come?  I 
usually answer in a light-hearted manner: I am the kind of guy who 
keeps my word. I am making plans to see you next Tuesday, and I’m 
definitely going to be there. 
The best thing about this is you don’t have to call back to verify, 
so you don’t have to worry over the next several days whether or not 
you are actually going to be able to get a hold of her or not when you 
call back to verify. Nine times out of ten, if a woman gives you a call 
back to verify, you are never going to get her on the phone again. You 
will end up getting her voice mail or answering machine. The whole 
time your interest level has been creeping up higher, and she wasn’t 
even interested in you to start with. 
It is all about building anticipation and raising her interest level in 
you. She doesn’t have your phone number. She doesn’t know when 
you are going to call. You have not told her when you are going out. 
Then you call and you make the da te. You have waited a few days. 
Her interest level ha s gone up, and now you are making a date for 
sometime the next week. 
When you first start going out on dates with a woman, you want 
to make weekday dates. Women know that weekend dates are reserved 
for girlfriends, or women that you are very serious about. If you are 
making dates with her during the week, it leaves her wondering. At 
some point, after you have gone out with her two to three times, she 
may ask: How come you never take me out on a weekend?  This tells 
you her interest in you is growing. If she never asks you about taking 
her out on the weekends, it usually shows she is not really that 
interested in you. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
116  
Again, you are being different. Most guys will call and ask a 
woman out for a Friday or Saturday night. This tells a woman he has 
nothing else going on in his personal life. When she asks, you need to 
stay in your center and appear unconcerned. You could say something 
along the lines of: If you’re lucky, maybe I’ll take you out one of these 
weekends. The point being once she asks you about why you don’t 
take her out on weekends, then go  ahead and make a weekend date 
with her. You are continuing to try and raise her anticipation, while 
again, gauging her level of interest. You always want to make sure she 
has a high level of interest. All of these things help to drive her interest 
up. 
Once you have made your date, it gives you such a comfortable 
feeling to know that you have done everything right to this point. You 
have played your cards, she tested you a little bit, and you passed her 
tests. Now you have a definite date. One of two things is going to 
happen. Either you are going to show up at her doorstep and you will 
go out and have a great time, or she is going to cancel the date. Or she 
may call and try to change the plans a little bit. 
If she calls and tries to change the plans, again, it is a sign of low 
interest. If you met through a mutual friend and she wants to meet you 
someplace, that also shows a sign of low interest. If you met in a very 
public place or on the Internet, then it is more understandable that she 
would want to meet you away from her home. The point is, once 
again, the higher her level of interest, the easier she is going to make it 
for you to go out on a date with her. The lower the level of interest, the 
more roadblocks she will put in your way, or the more testing she will 
do. 

Part V: Making Your Move 
117 
Another example of the testing I have experienced was with one 
woman I had been dating. Sometimes when a woman has a lower level 
of interest, she might call and try to mess with the plans a little bit. 
This woman called me about three to four hours before I was supposed 
to go pick her up. I was driving in my car, saw it was her calling, and 
answered. 
She said: Where are we going tonight? I’m going to be out and 
about doing errands and other things.  I think part of it was that I 
hadn’t talked to her since I had made  the date with her a week before. 
Part of me realized she was worried I wasn’t going to show up, since 
she hadn’t heard from me. It was having a positive effect on her 
anticipation. She was trying to play it off, and said: I wanted to know 
where we are going.  I told her: That’s for me to know and you to find 
out when I come and pick you up tonight. 
She responded: Well, I kind of wanted to meet you out tonight . I 
asked: What for? She replied: Because I’m going to be doing errands.  
I asked: Oh yeah? What time are you going to be done with your 
errands? The time she gave me was well within an hour or two before 
I was supposed to come pick her up. I told her: Don’t worry. You’ll be 
ready by the time I come to get you.  I was ready with the responses. 
That was one of the things I was starting to get at that point: Always be 
prepared. 
She kept trying to get around it and have me meet her out 
somewhere, and gave me the: I’ll call you when I’m on my way kind of 
thing. I simply said: How is a guy supposed to come pick you up, open 
a car door, and be a gentleman if he ’s meeting you out somewhere?  
Finally I told her: We are supposed to go out at seven o’clock. I will be 
there at seven o’clock, and I’ll see you when I pick you up.  She said: If 

How To Be A 3% Man 
118  
you come to my house, I’m not going to be there.  I replied: If you’re 
not there, you’re not there. I’ll ta ke your mother to dinner, then. I 
don’t care. She laughed at that and I said: I’ll see you at seven. Gotta 
go – bye! 
I hung up on her. She tried, she tested, and she didn’t get away 
with it. I passed her test. We went out that night and had a really great 
date. 
If you call a woman to ask her out and she says: I’m busy, let’s 
make it another night.  I would wait a week and then call her and ask 
her out again. If she gives you the same wishy-washy kind of answer 
and won’t make a defin ite date with you, then just throw her number 
away. This is saying her interest level is low. Don’t waste your time, 
because you only want to go out with those women that have a high 
level of interest. 
If she says: I’m busy, how about Thursday night instead?  She is 
trying to help you get your date w ith her. It shows a higher level of 
interest, and she probably does alr eady have plans for the night you 
specified. 
If she tries to make it on a weekend night, steer her back toward 
another weekday, especially in the beginning stages of dating. In the 
beginning, by only asking her out on a weekday, it keeps her 
wondering. If on your first or second date she tries to counter with a 
weekend, I usually tell a woman I am busy and ask for a specific day 
during the following week. 

Part V: Making Your Move 
119 
Approaching a Woman Through Internet Dating 
Almost everything I have showed you in this section can be 
applied to the concept of Internet dating as well. Even though you are 
not meeting her face to face, the conc ept of approach is still the same. 
First of all, don’t make your Internet dating ad an open book of who 
you are. There are too many guys out there who do this. If you want to 
catch the attention of the right woman, you want to give her only 
enough information as required by the ad, and then leave her with the 
impression that you are fun, and you are different from all the other 
guys out there. 
When you are being an open book, you take away all the mystery. 
You are taking away the one thing a woman loves the most – the 
chance to work at discovering who you are. The mystery and the 
anticipation have gone. Your ad n eeds to build on that mystery. It 
needs to cultivate her anticipation. 
Be humorous. Do something to catch her eye that stands out as 
being different. You want to leav e the impression that you are funny, 
silly, and out to have a good time. 
Instead of laying my life out like an open book for an Internet ad, 
I sometimes write a little story like one you might see in a romance 
novel, one that builds anticipation: A lady is sitting patiently with eyes 
focused on the door, hanging around for the guy she has been waiting 
for. He is not like other guys. There is something about him that is so 
exciting. He walks in and they make eye contact. Her first instinct is to 
jump up and run to him, but she holds herself back. As he gets closer, 

How To Be A 3% Man 
120  
she stands up. Before he can take thos e last few steps to the table, she 
can’t wait any longer. She goes to him and puts herself into his arms… 
Come up with a catchy user name or headline like: I’m trouble. 
Build a story that is different. This type of story says nothing about 
who I am, but it does tell her I am a mystery. It builds on the 
anticipation that she will experience mystery, have fun, and have to 
work at discovery. Most guys, even on the Internet, come off as needy. 
Let a woman learn a little about you, but build the anticipation. 
After three or four e-mails back and forth, which you need to keep 
short and playful, ask her for her number to call her. When you do call, 
treat it the same as you would if you got her number face to face. 
Name a place and a date. Gauge her level of interest. With Internet 
dating, she may be less likely to le t you come to her door, and more 
likely to want to meet her out somewhere. 
This is understandable, and is not necessarily a sign of lower 
interest. With Internet dating, make it a short date, like a coffee date. 
Make sure you both live up to each others’ expectations. If you see all 
the signs indicating a high level of interest, and you are as interested in 
her, then end the date and call her the following week to make a 
weekday date. Again, let the anticipation build. You will be able to tell 
when you call her back for an offici al date whether or not you were 
correctly reading her level of interest. 
It’s All in the Numbers 
The chart you are about to view is a guide, not a definitive answer. 
It gives you an idea of how to interpret her answers and responses to 
you. It will give you a feel of where she is at regarding her level of 

Part V: Making Your Move 
121 
interest in you. It is important to keep in mind, if your wife or your 
girlfriend has what you think to be an interest level of say, 71-80%, 
she will also be doing things in the categories below that. In other 
words, if her interest level is in the 70% range, she will also be doing 
things from the category at 51-60%, and 61-70%. It may not 
necessarily be all the things in the lower categories, but you will find 
that she will do many of those things. 
Always underrate her interest level. It must be 51% to start with or 
you have no chance. For the married guys and those in long term 
relationships, you must watch for he r dropping interest level. As it 
drops, she will do less of the things she did when she was in love with 
you. Your goal is always to keep her in the 91%-100% range. Watch 
for touching, affection, compliments, and I love you’s all to start 
dropping off as her interest level dr ops. As it drops, she will also start 
testing you more and more. It is her way of saying: Hey, step up and 
be the man you are totally capable of being.  She will accept nothing 
but your best. 
It is imperative to understand where a woman’s interest level is at, 
because this is the key to developing your radar, that intuitive sense of 
knowing. At some point in the relationship, you are going to become 
complacent. It happens to all of us. It even still happens to me. 
I remember one time a few years ago when I had a girlfriend. At 
that point, I was feeling pretty high  and mighty about how I had come 
to understand women. I was on a date  with her once with a bunch of 
associates that worked for me. We were at the table having some 
drinks, and she proceeded to tell me how unhappy she was. She was 
upset that I was not displaying aff ection or verbally telling her how I 
felt about her. She was really angry about the whole thing. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
122  
I was stunned to the point where it left me speechless. I was so 
sure of myself, and it made me realize that I had become completely 
complacent. I had not been paying attention to the fact that she wasn’t 
as affectionate and she wasn’t as loving. I instantly started thinking 
about how she had been treating me for the past couple of weeks and 
realized that her interest level had gone down all the way from 95% to 
somewhere around 70%. 
This was a big shift. It dropped slowly, but I just kept doing one 
thing wrong after another. My ol d habits were coming back. All I 
could think was: Here I am, knowing all this stuff about women, and 
yet I am doing things that I know better than to do. It took me a couple 
of weeks, but I did get things turned around and back on track. This 
happened to me about six months af ter I thought I really had things 
figured out. I had thought things were going really smooth and then 
this came along and totally blind-sided me. 
With my understanding of the concepts of this chart, the things 
she does, and where her level of interest lies, this whole thing really 
gave me a wake up call. Without it, I probably would have kept going 
as I did in the past, until things could have been too late to salvage. It 
is important to always stay aware, and to always underrate her level of 
interest. You need to pay close attention to where she is at with her 
interest level, because it drops slowly. 
You especially need to pay atten tion if you are in a relationship 
where you live with someone, or you are married. You are together 
every day and it becomes so easy to get caught up in your daily life. 
All of the sudden you wa ke up and realize: Wow. I’ve really been 
messing up here. My lady is no l onger in love with me, and things 

Part V: Making Your Move 
123 
aren’t going that well.  At that point, you have to turn it around quick 
and do all the things that made you successful in the first place. 
Do not take this chart as an itemized list, but rather view it from 
the perspective of concepts. It is not a definitive guide that says: Hey, 
she just touched your arm, now she is in the 71-80% range.  You have 
to look at all of the things she is doing. If you determine that she is in 
the 71-80% interest level, she will also be doing some of the things in 
the 51-60%, and also the 61-70%, as well as in the 71-80%. Even then, 
if she is in the 71-80%, act as if she is in the 61-70%. Your goal is to 
get her to the point where she is completely, head-over-heels in love 
with you, which is in the 95% range. 
You have to consciously be aware of getting her interest level up 
there, which means doing all the right things. For guys that have been 
married, or have been in a long-t erm relationship, it means all those 
things you did in the courtship, being a challenge, building 
anticipation, being completely unpredictable, are necessary. This is not 
only when you are dating, but also when you are making love to your 
lady, as we cover in a later secti on. All these things are absolutely 
critical to maintain her love over the long term. 
It is something that you can’t ever let up on. If you are going to be 
in a long-term relationship, you are going there to give. What you are 
giving is those things that make her happy and keep her in love with 
you. If you are not willing to do that long-term, you shouldn’t be in a 
long-term relationship. 
0%-50%: One of the things most guys do not understand is if a 
woman has no interest in you or if a woman is unavailable – you have 
no chance of going out with her. You have no chance of her falling in 
love with you. If she does not like you to begin with, nothing will 

How To Be A 3% Man 
124  
happen. She may go out with you only to use you if she is that type of 
person or if she has a really low self esteem. 
When you call her the first time to ask her out after waiting a few 
days after meeting she does not remember who you are. When you ask 
her for a date she won’t agree to a specific day or time or she gives 
you the “call back to verify date”. She won’t give you a specific date. 
She tells you she is busy: Let’s make it for another night  instead of 
countering with a specific night she is available. 
Or she says: I’m too busy. I don’t have time. I have to get my head 
together. I don’t want a relationshi p. I’m not into dating anyone right 
now. What she’s saying is: I just don’t like you enough to date you.  
She doesn’t ask you personal questions. She doesn’t ask you what your 
name is when you say: It’s nice to meet you <whatever her name is>.  
She sort of keeps her distance when she is talking to you. She is 
looking away, kind of disinterested. She gives you one word answers. 
Like when you say: Where did you grow up? Response: South Florida. 
Oh really? What was South Florida like? Oh, it was nice. She also will 
call and break your date at the last minute with lame, wishy washy 
excuses.  
She won’t let you come to her house to pick her up. When you are 
talking with her, how is her body facing? Is she turned toward you or 
is she turned away in the escape position, as though thinking: I hope 
one of my girlfriends comes up and pulls me away from this guy, 
because I don’t want to talk to him any more.  Is she making eye 
contact? She cuts your dates short and it seems as though her thoughts 
are elsewhere. She may simply walk away when you are talking to her. 

Part V: Making Your Move 
125 
51%-60%: She will give you a hard time about giving you her 
personal information. She should be making eye contact with you and 
look like she is interested in what you have to say. When you ask her 
personal questions about where she grew up, she tells you and then 
adds: Oh, I loved growing up in South Florida. I went to high school 
down there. It was just so blah, blah, blah…  If she likes you, she is 
going to want to talk to you. Again, the more she likes you, the easier 
she makes it. 
She may try to give you a call back to verify date which you will 
not accept. You will stand your ground and answer accordingly as 
mentioned earlier in this section. If after standing your ground on the 
call back to verify she accepts, then you may be ok. You won’t know 
for sure until you are actually at her front door, since she could break 
the date at anytime prior to that. 
She also may call at the last minute to try and get you to change 
the plans. In that case, unless it is an emergency, I may just cancel the 
date altogether and do the “take away”. I would respond: Well, it 
sounds like it is not a good time for us to get together so let’s just do it 
another night. If she backs up and keeps the plans as they were, then 
you just passed her test. If she says: Okay, let’s do it another time , 
without naming a specific time and day,  then wait a full week before 
calling to make another date. If she pulls the same thing, then you 
know her interest level is below 51% and she is out for good. 
61%-70%: This is usually the range where most girls that really 
like you will be. She will give you her contact information with little 
or no hesitation. She may give you several ways of contacting her: 
email, home phone, work phone, cell phone, times to call, etc. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
126  
71%-80%: She leans in close and bumps into you. She touches 
your arm. She is really interested in what you have to say and laughs at 
all your stupid jokes. If she is complimenting you: Oh, that’s a really 
nice shirt you’re wearing . It is not so much the shirt. It is her way of 
saying: You look really good. I like the way you look.  
81%-90%: She is calling you and pursuing you. She is saying: I 
can’t wait to see you again . She is pursuing you heavily, and calling 
you to say: I miss you. I can’t wait to se e you. I had a great time last 
night.  She gives you her contact information without you even asking. 
She will ask for advice about problem s. That comes because she trusts 
you, and has a high level of confidence in you. 
Most of the time when a woman talks to you, she is not looking 
for your advice, she just wants you to listen. But when she comes out 
and says: This, this, and this happened…what do you think I should 
do? That is her way of asking for advice. 
91%-100%: Love starts at 91%. She will say things like: 
Where is this going?  Which means: When are we going to get 
married? If she says: I love you, that puts her in the 90% range. Other 
indicators: Very affectionate. When you pick her up she jumps in your 
arms. She kisses you. She wants to hold hands. She wants to have her 
arm around you. She is all over you. She just can’t seem to get enough 
of you. Being with you is like a drug to her. She will do just about 
anything you want. 
She buys you gifts, writes you cards, leaves you notes, builds you 
up to others, defends you, etc. (Thi s only applies if she is a giver. 
Some women can be totally gone over you and if they are not a giver, 
they will do none of these things.) She is calling you all the time, or 
calling you once or twice a day to say: I can’t wait to see you again. I 

Part V: Making Your Move 
127 
had such a great time.  That is telling you: Hey, I’m wide open. I want 
to see you. I want your attention. I want all your presence. 
When a woman is in love she wants your attention all of the time. 
She thinks about you and sings about you and is totally consumed by 
you and thoughts of you. She tells you all the time how much she 
loves you. She tests you very little and when she does, they are easy 
tests to pass. 
The following story is a prime example of just how easy it can be 
when a woman has a high level of interest in you. After reading this, 
ask yourself: Why wouldn’t I want my dating life to be this effortless?  
When I first met this woman, she gave me her phone numbers and 
actually asked me for mine. I never even had to ask for her number, 
she just volunteered it. From the first moment I met her, I maintained 
my composure. I had just started learning and understanding women 
and was really getting it. 
We had just met and we ended up talking all night. We were out 
with the same group of people for the evening so it was impossible for 
me to get her info and just leave. She was touching my arm, getting 
real close, and whispering in my ea r. She would stand so close that we 
were bumping into each other. She talked about wanting to go out. She 
was very aggressive. I played my cards right, letting her do all of the 
talking, and the anticipation built. 
Two days later, when I hadn’t called her, she called me. I had 
built the anticipation so much that her interest level had gone even 
higher. She e-mailed me and I re sponded, keeping it real short. I 
named the time and the place to meet for dinner, and we met out and 
we went from there.  

How To Be A 3% Man 
128  
First of all, she had a really high level of interest to start with, 
probably in the 70-80% range, which is pretty rare when first meeting 
a woman. She was calling me, pursuing me, and suggested we go out 
for drinks. I met her out at a restau rant, and I remember being really 
into her. She had beautiful red ha ir, greenish brown eyes, and an 
amazing figure. She was drop dead gorgeous, bubbly, and she liked to 
laugh. I was enchanted with her. 
I remember driving to meet her and just knowing I had been 
playing all my cards right. When I showed up and met her at the 
restaurant, she was sitting in the lobby. I had only seen her once 
before, the night I had first met her, and she absolutely took my breath 
away. She came up and gave me a big hug. 
We went and sat down. I was really  excited to be there and could 
tell she was excited, as well. We had a couple glasses of wine, and 
then had dinner. She must have done at least 90% of the talking. I was 
fascinated with her. It had been a while since I had been out with 
someone I had felt that way about on the first date. We just sat at 
dinner while she chatted away for a couple of hours. I just kept asking 
her questions because I was so into her. I wanted to know everything 
about her. 
I was also building the anticipation. I wanted her to wonder what I 
was all about. Every time she asked me  a question, I gave her a short, 
funny answer and then I would turn it back around and ask her another 
question. She would go on another fi ve minutes about something else. 
She was an outgoing person, and just loved to talk. I was not leaning 
forward on the table. I was leaning back in my seat to let her see how 
nonchalant and confident I was about being with her.  

Part V: Making Your Move 
129 
I always make it a point when I am initially dating someone, to be 
the first one to end the date. Again, I want to leave her always wanting 
more. It is like the pro football player that retires at the top of his 
game. Here we have had this great date, and the antic ipation has been 
building, building, building…and then I’ll ask the waiter for the check, 
and I’ll pay. 
I could tell the look on her face was saying: Oh, I’d really like to 
sit here and talk some more . While it was not qu ite disappointment, I 
knew she could have sat there a lot longer and talked more. We got up 
and walked out. I turned to her, starting to say: Where did you park? I 
had really done a great job of building that anticipation. I think I only 
got a single word out before she just grabbed me and kissed me. We 
started making out right there, only three feet outside the front doors of 
the restaurant. 
Inside I was going nuts and just  loving it because I was totally 
enamored with her. I walked her over to her car and we made out some 
more.  Then I opened the door for her, let her get in and said: I had a 
nice time. I remained totally composed, even though inside I wanted to 
jump up and down and do some cartwhe els in the parking lot. I left 
feeling amazing. 
I did everything right on that first date. The whole time, from the 
day I met her, until the time we ha d our first date, because she had 
such a high level of interest to  begin with, and she was a very 
aggressive, beautiful, confident woma n, she just couldn’t help herself 
any more. She just had to kiss me. Of course, I didn’t have any 
problem with that at all. The next day she called me again. 
This is what happens when you play all your cards right, 
especially when you have a woman that has such a high level of 

How To Be A 3% Man 
130  
interest in you to start with. Wh y would you want to bother with 
someone who doesn’t have that high level of interest, when life can be 
this effortless? I only had to show up, hang back, and say very little. It 
was so relaxed and so easy to be with her, because she made it so easy. 
I was not feeling confident on the inside, but I showed her that on the 
outside. 
You become comfortable with being yourself. You make it part of 
who you are. Sooner or later you own it. And you have to own it, 
because if you can’t maintain it later in the relationship, if you ever let 
that down, then you are not the person she thought you were in the 
first place. She will see weakness, te st, and pull away. This makes you 
start to pursue her, which drives her away even more. Learn how to 
read her interest levels and make it a natural part of who you are and 
what you do, and you will win the heart of the woman of your dreams 
with little effort. 

 
131 
PART VI: THE FIRST STEP 
Your First Date 
You do not have to be extravagant on your first date. You want to 
take her to dinner, someplace nice. Going to the movies is not a good 
idea on your first several dates. You want the opportunity to get to 
know somebody. If you go to pick a woman up for a movie date, the 
only time you get to talk is in the car on the way to and from the 
movies. At the end of the date she doesn’t know anything about you, 
and you don’t know anything about her. When you are in a dark 
theater, you can’t read her body language. It is important to go 
someplace where you are talking and interacting with each other, so 
you can read where her interest level is at, and work toward raising it. 
Take her to dinner. Go someplace where you can talk, someplace 
that is nice, quiet, and intimate. A lot of rich guys will say: I’m going 
to fly you to New York  in my private plane. Any woman would love to 
go out and do stuff like that. Before you spend your money doing these 
kinds of things, you want to make sure you are going out with 
someone that has a high level of in terest in you, personally. Take her 
to nice, but inexpensive places at fi rst, until you really get to know her 
and you know that she is interested in you. I like going to a sushi 
restaurant, or a nice restaurant wh ere we can sit down in a booth and 
talk. 
It is important, especially for guys who are successful, not to 
spend the night talking about your achievements, how much money 
you make, what kind of car you drive,  what your watch is like, or how 
much you spend on wardrobe. None of this raises her level of interest. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
132  
If a guy starts talking about all these accomplishments, what it says to 
a woman is that he is insecure about who he is as a man. She reads it 
as a deflection away from who he is as a person. He comes off as 
needy, insecure, and unsure of himself. 
The only type of woman that will respond to this type of thing is a 
woman who is looking to use a guy or one that is looking for security. 
The most important thing to remember on your date is that a woman 
wants to know you are interested in her. You show her that by asking 
questions about her. 
Another topic to avoid is talking about your future together. That 
includes taking her out in the future, or at the end of the date asking 
her out on a second date. If you st art talking about your future 
together, you are basically going to lower your chances of having a 
future with her. You want the topic of a future together to be her idea. 
To talk about a future together is  completely anti -challenge and does 
not create any anticipation. Remember – you want her to be curious. If 
you tell her everything that’s going to happen, there is no anticipation, 
no challenge, there is nothing to look forward to. You become boring 
and predictable. 
While you are on the date, you are going to be watching her for 
signs of interest. Is she touching your hand? Is she touching your arm? 
Is she looking you in the eyes? One of the things you need to do is to 
look her in the eyes. Don’t be looking around, looking at other women, 
or checking out the waitress. You need to be completely focused on 
her. 
When you look around and check out other women, she is going 
to think you are being a pig and that you are only out to get laid. Your 

Part VI: The First Step 
133 
complete focus needs to be 100% on her having a good time, and 
finding out everything there is to know about your new lady. 
Another important point needing to be made is that women 
remember everything. They will remember where you went, what the 
restaurant was like, the people around you, and they will remember 
what they talked about. Listen up guys.  You need to really focus on 
the answers a woman is giving you to all the questions you are asking 
about her. 
Make no mistake. You will be tested. She wants to know that you 
were really paying attention and cared about what she said. She will 
bring little things up here and there to test whether or not you were 
listening. If you pass those tests, it will definitely raise her interest 
level, because now she knows you are interested in who she is. If you 
fail her test, she will keep testing you. 
Do’s and Don’ts of the First Date 
• Don’t spend the time talkin g about you. Do let her do 
most of the talking. 
• Don’t badmouth your ex-girl friends or wives. Don’t 
badmouth her ex-boyfriends or husbands, either. Do 
say positive things about your past relationships, or 
don’t say anything at all. 
• Don’t compliment a woman, except maybe to tell her 
she looks nice when you pick  her up, or that you had a 
nice time at the end of a date. 
• Don’t take her to extravagant places on the first date. If 
a guy starts spoiling a woman right away, she will come 
to expect that kind of treatment. It is anti-challenge, and 
anti-anticipation. Do take her someplace nice, quiet, 

How To Be A 3% Man 
134  
intimate, and inexpensive, until you get to know her 
and know that she is interested in you. 
• Don’t talk about sex, even if she is the one to bring it 
up. Change the subject if she brings it up. Most guys 
just get themselves in trouble with this subject. Do be a 
gentleman. 
• If she is pressing you about past relationships, don’t 
give in to her pressing. Do tell her that a true gentleman 
is not going to share personal information about anyone 
that is given in confidence. 
• Don’t treat the service people badly. Many women have 
been involved in the service industry before in one 
capacity or another, and if they see you treating another 
individual in a demanding manner, they will often read 
that as a sign of the demanding individual you may 
become later in the relationship. 
• Do tip your wait staff appr opriately. Too many guys 
will short change a wait person on tips. I have heard of 
women who will get embarrassed and slip extra money 
onto the table. It shows that you are cheap, and that you 
do not appreciate the things that others do for you. 
The Secret of Dating 
The whole experience of dating is what raises a woman’s interest 
level in you. It is how you ask her out when you call her on the phone 
and the anticipation of what is going to happen on a date. Don’t call 
her and tell her everything you are going to do on the date, where you 
are going to go, what time you are going to do this and what time you 
are going to do that. You want it to be  a surprise. You want it to be an 
unfolding of the evening. 

Part VI: The First Step 
135 
So as the days approach, she is now thinking about you, she is 
thinking about what she’s going to wear, she is telling her friends, and 
she is looking forward to it. Since you have a definite date, it drives 
her crazy wondering if you are going to show up. It creates excitement 
in her when you do. Remember, you are setting a date almost a week 
in advance. Most guys will call before they come. 
I actually had one woman I went out with that wasn’t ready when 
I showed up. When I asked her why she wasn’t ready, she replied: 
Honestly, I didn’t think you were going to show up.  I said: I told you 
that I’m a man of my word.  She proceeded to tell me that most guys 
call her before they come to pi ck her up. I was being completely 
different. It set me apart, because no guy has ever treated her that way 
before. 
When you go to pick her up, you are a gentleman, you open the 
car door, and you take her to a nice restaurant. There you are. It is the 
experience of having the nice dinne r, great conversation, and just 
having a good time. Whatever it is you are doing, for a woman it is the 
whole experience of the date that is important. The less she knows, the 
more it heightens her anticipation and the higher her interest level 
becomes. 
Do not make the mistake of thinking: I took her to dinner, and 
great, now I’m ready to go home and have sex . Women don’t operate 
that way. They warm up to you, and their hearts open a lot slower, 
because it is all about the whole emotional experience. 
So you have made your date. It  gives you such a comfortable 
feeling to know that you have done everything right to this point. You 
played your cards. She tested you a little bit. You passed her tests. 
Now you have a definite date. One of  two things is going to happen. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
136  
Either you are going to show up on her doorstep and you are going to 
go out and have great time, or she is going to cancel the date. Or she 
may even call and try to change the plans a little bit. 
We discussed this in the previous section. If she calls and tries to 
change the plans, it is a sign of low interest. Try to redirect her back to 
your plans, and give her the “take away”. If you call a woman that you 
met through a mutual friend, you ask her out on a date and she says: 
I’d rather meet you out somewhere. That is a sign of low interest. 
Having met through a mutual friend, she already knows that you are 
safe. If she doesn’t want you to come to her door, it is because she 
doesn’t have a high enough interest level in you. 
Don’t waste your time with women that have a low level of 
interest. I can’t stress this enough. The higher her level of interest, the 
easier she is going to make the date and the more fun both of you will 
have. In addition, you need to ask yourself this question: How many 
women have you taken out, where you can’t even remember their 
name? Dating can be an expensiv e proposition, the dollars adding up 
quickly. Do you really want to spend all that money, and time, on a 
woman that isn’t romantically interested in you to begin with? 
So you show up to your date and pick her up. You are going to 
dress nice. You are going to look good. You are going to shave. 
When you do show up, you are not going to compliment her. You 
don’t need to tell her how beautiful she is. She already knows this. It 
will not raise her interest level. When you pick her up you can say 
something like: You look nice.  At the end of the evening, you can tell 
her: I had a nice time . Don’t elaborate on that. Move on to the rest of 
the dating experience. 

Part VI: The First Step 
137 
Again, when you are on the date, you will be a gentleman. You 
will hold doors open for her and open the car door. When you walk 
down the street, you will take her arm to cross the street. You are not 
going to hold her hand. You are not going to put her arm around her. 
A lot of guys think: Hey, I’m on a date. I can hold hands or put 
my arm around her. Women will let you know when it is okay to 
touch. They will give you an inv itation. The invitations are usually 
subtle, so again, you have to pay attention. When you are walking 
down the street, is she constantly bumping into you? Is she tapping 
your arm or brushing her hand on your arm when she is talking? If she 
has a really high level of interest , she may even grab your hand and 
start holding hands with you, or put her arm around you. 
It is amazing to see, when I pay attention to these things, just how 
much women are telling you without words. It’s all about her body 
language. I’ve had cases where I will be walking with a woman down 
the street, and we are on a big sidewalk. I will gradually start walking 
away from her, and she will either maintain the distance, or she will 
bump into me. If she is bumping into me, that is a sign of a higher 
level of interest. It her signal to y ou that touching is okay. If she is 
working to maintain that space between you, then she has a lower level 
of interest. 
On one date with woman, I was walking downtown on a wide 
street that had been closed to vehicle traffic for the evening, for 
pedestrian traffic to the bars and re staurants. We were in the middle of 
the street, and since there was so much space, I just started slowly 
walking over to one side, away from my date. It was funny to see 
whether she would keep walking along with me. She didn’t even 
notice it. I was pretty much walking all over the road, having fun with 

How To Be A 3% Man 
138  
it. It shows that she was pursuing me, and that demonstrates a high 
level of interest. 
Most of the time, she isn’t even aware that she is doing this. 
Inside, you can be chuckling, because you are reading her interest 
level and know exactly where she is at. These are the types of things 
women will do. If she grabs your hand, then it is okay to hold hands 
with her. If she puts her arm around you, then it’s okay to put your 
arms around her. The higher her level of interest, and the more 
comfortable she feels, the more she will start touching you. You need 
to let her give the invitation. 
If she has her arm around you and then takes it away, you do the 
same until she gives you the next inv itation.  It is another subtle test 
women use to see if you are pursuing her more than she is pursuing 
you.  When you have passed the test, she will eventually give you 
another invitation when it is okay to touch her again. 
All the while you are heading to the restaurant you will be 
keeping it funny and keeping it light. Joke around with her. She will 
probably ask you about previous girls you have dated. She might ask if 
you are dating, or if you have been  married. You want to give her an 
answer, but whatever the answer is, you want it to be positive. 
As I mentioned before, too many guys decide to get all their 
baggage out on the table. You don’t want  to do this. Guys want to go 
on and on about all of their problems. On the date, she should be doing 
80% of the talking. You want to ask questions. Women want to know 
that the guy is sincerely interested in who they are. They want to see 
that you want to know what they are all about. 
A lot of guys, not only when they meet women, but when they are 
out on a date, or even when they call a woman on the phone to ask her 

Part VI: The First Step 
139 
out for a date, will either dump all his baggage on her, or he will sit 
and talk about all of his accomplis hments. Guys try to impress her. 
They try to do all these extravagant things. It is not what is needed to 
raise her interest level. 
When you take her out to dinner,  continue being a gentleman, and 
continue keeping the conversation light. If she asks you questions, give 
her only enough information to genera lly answer her, and then turn it 
back around and ask her another ques tion. If she continues to press 
you for specifics, for example, of your past relationships, just simply 
tell her: A true gentleman is not gong to share that information with 
others. That is personal and private. 
I don’t have a problem with mentioning good things. But to 
discuss intimate details is not something a gentleman would do. 
Besides, the past is the past. It is between me and the woman in 
question. A gentleman doesn’t go around telling intimate  details of a 
relationship. A woman you have just met should accept and 
understand this. The chances are high that it will also make her feel 
more comfortable, because she can rest assured that you will treat any 
information she shares with you in the same manner. 
It also raises her interest level. Now she can feel more 
comfortable about opening up to you and sharing more personal 
things. She knows you will keep your mouth shut and not blab 
intimate details she may tell you to everyone you meet, especially your 
guy friends. 
Again, 75-80% of the talking should be done by her. You should 
ask her questions. Remember: The person asking the questions is the 
one in charge of the conversation . The goal is to find out everything 
you can about her. Find out where she grew up, what she likes to do 

How To Be A 3% Man 
140  
for fun, keeping it funny, keeping it light, and staying away from 
serious subjects. If she presses y ou on serious subjects, always be 
humorous and joking. You want to ma ke her laugh. You want to have 
a good time. Your sole purpose on the date is to make her feel 
comfortable, make her laugh, and to get her level of interest to go up. 
The only way at this stage that you can raise her interest level is to 
be funny, humorous, and to show her a good time. Keep it positive. 
Make it a totally fun experience for both of you. 
While you are on your date, pay a ttention to what she is saying, 
but don’t lean forward as though you are absorbing her presence. Lean 
back in your seat, and be casual. Show her that you are confident and 
centered.  
After you have spent time with her on the date, you need to make 
sure that you are the one to end the date. You should ask for the check, 
and pay for dinner, signaling the end of the date without words. While 
you are doing this, watch for her reaction. Does she seem 
disappointed? Does she seem as though she could keep on talking, and 
is surprised by you ending the date so soon? These are all good signs 
that you have raised her interest level even more. 
The Kiss Test 
At the end of the date, you have  been a gentleman and handled 
yourself correctly. You take her hom e, and walk her to her door. The 
final test of the evening, to see if she is truly interested in you, is the 
kiss test. You are going to want to go for the goodnight kiss. You want 
to kiss her on the lips and see if she kisses you back. If she is really 
interested in you, she will kiss you back. 

Part VI: The First Step 
141 
If she turns her head and you get her cheek, it shows she doesn’t 
have a high level of romantic inte rest in you. At this point, you know 
that to go out with her again would be a waste of your time. One thing 
you don’t want to do is to go in for the kiss, and try to kiss her on the 
cheek. To a woman, she immediately takes this as a signal of your low 
interest level in her, or as a lack of self-confidence. A woman will read 
it as the “kiss of death”, even though you might be trying to be a 
gentleman about it. 
To give her a kiss on her lips s hows confidence. It tells her: I 
know I’m good enough for you. Here, let me show you.  You are 
showing her your strength and that you are totally in your masculine. 
All night long, you have found out everything about her, and she 
has found out little bits and pieces about you. You have shown your 
interest, while at the same time remaining a mystery to her. If this 
evolves into a long-term relationship, she has plenty of time to pull out 
information about you. She has ampl e time to find out all of your 
insecurities, but for now, it is not important. At the very beginning, in 
order to raise her interest level, you have to leave her wondering. 
After you give her a goodnight kiss, you are going to say: I had a 
good time.  Or: It was a nice evening.  Don’t elaborate. Stay in your 
center, and leave her wondering just how good of a time you had. 
Make her think about whether everyt hing went all right or not. She 
will replay the date over in her mind, looking back on all the clues. 
You are not giving her the answer. You are remaining a mystery. The 
whole time she is thinking about you and how the date went, her 
interest level is going up. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
142  
Now you are going to leave. You are not going to tell her that you 
will call her. You are not going to set up the next date, or even talk 
about going out again. You are going to leave her wondering. 
The same calling principle that I outlined previously applies to all 
dates for the first 60 days. So if you went out with her on a Thursday 
night, you won’t call her until Monday or Tuesday to ask her out for a 
Wednesday or Thursday date. This should remain consistent for the 
first 60 days. When you don’t call her the next day after your date, she 
is going to wonder whether you liked her or not. If she is wondering 
about you, it is raising her level of interest. If her interest level goes up 
high enough, she may even actually call you. Having a woman pursue 
you is the ideal place that you want to get to. There is no doubt in your 
mind at that point that her interest level is high. 
The kiss test does not always have to wait until the end of the 
date. If you are reading the signs of a high level of interest correctly, 
you may find that she is signaling you earlier on in the date. I was on 
my first dinner date with one woman, and had been talking for hours. I 
was doing everything right with asking questions and letting her do 
80-85% of the talking. 
At one point she asked: Can I give you a hug? You are so sweet 
and I am having such a good time.  I said: Of, course. We hugged, and 
two more times after that she asked me to hug her again. The second 
time, I sat back down and we started talking some more. She was 
leaning in really close, and at that point, her chair was right next to 
mine. 
I just knew the time was right, and that she was ripe for it. I 
moved over and started kissing her. We were the only ones left in the 
restaurant, and we actually started ma king out right there. It was the 

Part VI: The First Step 
143 
fulfillment of the kiss test. I had built the anticipation and challenge so 
well at this point that she wanted to embrace me. She didn’t actually 
kiss me, but the fact that she wanted to touch and hold me said that she 
was open to it. The invitation had been issued, so I didn’t wait until the 
end of the date. 
Later she told me: It really stunned me when you kissed me. I 
wasn’t really ready for that. I was surprised and didn’t like it at first. I 
replied: I could tell you didn’t really like it, since you had your tongue 
in my mouth. I didn’t just kiss her, she was kissing me back. Again, a 
woman may say one thing, but her actions are saying something else. 
Here is another example to illustrate how easy it can be when a 
woman shows that high level of in terest in you. Weddings are a great 
place to meet women. Everyone is happy and having a good time and 
the chances are if you find a woman you are interested in, that you will 
already know somebody that she knows. 
I went to a wedding for a friend of mine from high school. I was 
about 27 at the time, and his cous in, a beautiful redhead, was 18. 
During the rehearsal and everything, she kept staring at me and 
checking me out. 
The day of the wedding, at the reception, I walked over and 
started talking to her. She proceeded to tell me she had specifically 
asked one of her friends at the wedding for a pen and a piece of paper, 
so in the event that I asked, she c ould be prepared to give me her 
phone number and contact information, because she really liked me. 
We ended up hanging out, dancing,  and having a good time. During 
the evening she was touching me, and at one point she was even sitting 
in my lap. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
144  
After that we went outside the reception hall and we sat down in 
the grass. We were talking, and she was sitting real close. I couldn’t 
help myself. I had to kiss her. She ha d been giving all the signals of an 
invitation. She was pursuing me during the course of the evening, 
touching me, telling me she liked me, and even the fact that she had a 
high level of interest from the very beginning. This girl went out of her 
way to make everything easy for me. 
The Right Approach 
I was at a four-day retreat for personal growth, something that I 
am very passionate about. There were around fifty people there, all 
with the same focus. The first night I was checking everyone out to see 
what kind of people were there. I spotted this one woman with dark 
hair, dark eyes, tan, with a nice figure and a nice smile. I didn’t think a 
whole lot about it at the time. I thou ght she was cute, even attractive, 
but it didn’t hit me as a big deal. 
The next afternoon at lunch, we we re sitting at the same table, 
with one of her friends between us . We were talking, and got on the 
subject of movies. Her friend started telling me how she liked the Lord 
of the Rings movies, and we all went on talking about that. The woman 
I had noticed the day before started asking me all kinds of questions, 
joined the movie discussion, and my interest level actually started 
going up. I thought: This girl is really charming. There’s something 
about her. She has an energy that I just really like. 
So as we’re talking, I start into my playful mode and start joking 
around and teasing her. We finished  lunch and went back into the 
event. Later that evening, we all went to dinner together. I was being 

Part VI: The First Step 
145 
cocky, but she was also very confident in herself. She started talking 
about past relationships  and men in her life. She told me about how 
guys would come and hit on her and how they came off very weak. 
There were stories about guys she had blown off and they never even 
realized what had happened. She was used to getting her way with 
guys, even the ones she dates, because no one stood up to her. 
So she started asking me: What do you do?  I told her: I’m an 
author, a speaker, and most of what I do is to teach people how to 
understand relationships. Right now I am working on a book to teach 
guys how to understand women.  She laughed and asked: You are 
teaching guys how to understand women? 
Her tone was implying that I had no clue as to what I was talking 
about. It was all a test. I had been teasing her and being playful all day 
and then again all night at dinner. She sensed my confidence and 
cockiness, and she was testing to see if she could deflate me. I started 
teasing her and being even more playful. She started telling me that 
she didn’t like me and said: You aren’t a very nice guy. You’re mean . 
She was being playful, but in a not-so playful way. She was trying to 
intimidate me.  Beautiful women are master intimidators. 
Everyone around us was having a good time and laughing at the 
interaction between the two of us. Here I was, sitting with a whole 
group of girls, and she was trying to make me look bad, as though I 
didn’t know what I was talking about. So I started giving her a taste of 
the information I was working on, which was what I knew about 
understanding women. I explained the way things are with women, 
what motivates them, why they do what they do, and why guys do 
what they do. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
146  
As I start telling her what I knew about women, and explaining all 
of these things, over the course of about half an hour she went from a 
real hard core: You don’t know anything about women , to: I guess I 
was wrong. You really do know what you are talking about . She had 
been testing me, and by staying centered and believing in who I was, 
she started to change her mind a bout me. After that she told me: I 
didn’t really like you at first, but you’re actually a pretty cool guy. 
Beautiful women will often bluff you to test and see if you really 
are confident. Her bluff was in saying that she didn’t like me, and it 
was her test to see if I would maintain my center, and be strong in who 
I was. I called her bluff, and some of her barbs had been pretty 
negative. It went from her telling me  she didn’t like me, to telling me 
she did, and after a couple glasse s of wine she started saying: Corey, I 
love you. You are so sweet . This whole time she was touching me and 
moved her chair closer. 
We sat there, continuing to ta lk. I kept my hands to myself, 
maintaining my composure, and leaning back in my chair. She was 
leaning forward and touching me. We all decided to go back to one of 
the girls’ rooms. Each of us had these big Jacuzzis that could 
comfortably fit eight people. 
So we start to walk toward the room, and we get about ten feet 
away from the dinner table and she grabs my hand and told me she 
wanted to hold it. I went back to my cabana and got changed, and we 
all ended up hanging out for a couple of hours. All this time, we were 
talking, teasing, and joking back and forth.  
On the third day, during the event, she would come over and sit 
next to me. Sometimes she would get up and leave with her friends. A 
little while later she would come back and sit next to me (remember 

Part VI: The First Step 
147 
the cat analogy?). At one point she said: Let me crack your toes . So 
she grabbed my toes and proceeded to crack them. It really hurt. I said: 
Ow. That hurts. 
Later in the day, I was sitting outside the event on this low, three-
foot wall, and she came over, grabbed my feet and started cracking my 
toes. It still really hurt. I got up and said: Give me your hand . She 
gives me her hand, smiling with a look that said: What are you going 
to do now? I lifted her hand up to spin her around, and as she spins, I 
spanked her on the butt in a playful, but firm way. 
She turned around with a stunned look on her face and I just said: 
Brat. Then she tried to spank me b ack. I grabbed her hands and told 
her simply: I’m the spank-or, not the spank-ee.  She said: You can’t 
spank me. I told her: Well, if you were not a brat, you wouldn’t get 
spanked. 
I was being totally playful, and there was this shift that happened 
in her. I don’t want guys to read this and think they can just simply get 
away with something like this. You can only get away with things like 
this if you totally own who you are. Don’t just go out and grab the 
hands of women you meet and start spanking them. You have to be 
playful, but totally own your mascu linity and be assured of what you 
are doing. 
Later that night, which was the last night of the retreat, we were 
sitting in the Jacuzzi, talking again. At this point, there was another 
guy that came into the group (he would be considered a blocker), and 
it was obvious he was also interested in this woman, as well as another 
one that was present. I was watching this guy continually going over to 
her and touching her, and she was touching him back. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
148  
I maintained my composure and just sat there throwing little, 
funny remarks at her. She started telling me how she didn’t like it. To 
show me just how much she didn’t like it, she kept swimming over to 
where I was in the Jacuzzi, and proceeded to playfully slap or hit me. I 
would grab her and wrestle with her, dunking her under water. 
Then she proceeded to tell her two girlfriends: Corey spanked my 
ass yesterday. He can’t do that.  They told her how they thought it was 
funny and playful. She was looking for them to gang up on me and 
bust my chops, which they didn’t, because they really liked me, too. 
Every few minutes she was away from me and would say 
something, and I would throw some funny little barb back at her. She 
would come back to my side of the Jacuzzi and start wrestling with 
me. One time I was over by where the seat was, and I pulled her up out 
of the water and spanked her botto m and pushed her back into the 
water. 
Later she started again to tell me  how she didn’t like me, and so 
on. I looked right at her and said: That’s not true.  She turned to her 
friends for support and complained that I was doing this and that to 
her. Her two girlfriends basically said: We haven’t seen anything like 
this since we were in grade school. It’s really fun to watch. It is 
obvious that you really like Corey. 
She replied: I do not.  They said: Yes, you do. Every five minutes 
you keep going over to him, wanting to play with him, touch him and 
wrestle with him. You wouldn’t do that if you didn’t like him.  This is 
the effect you can have on a woman when you are being playful, but 
still in your center. 
Now, I want to be clear. She did have a boyfriend, so I didn’t kiss 
her or anything. I was just playing with her and having fun. We do 

Part VI: The First Step 
149 
belong to the same organization, so who knows? Maybe I’ll see her a 
few months down the road, and maybe she’ll be single at that time. 
The point I am trying to make is that you should always be playful 
and open to meeting different women. One good thing to understand is 
that dating, courtship, and love should always be playful. You should 
always be having a good time with it. We didn’t have any serious 
conversations. They were all hum orous and funny. We were sharing 
stories and making each other laugh. 
The next morning, when we were all saying our goodbyes, she 
came over, gave me a hug and said: Corey, I had a lot of fun. I had a 
really good time with you . That was it. If she had been single, I would 
have gone for the kiss, and we would have probably had a lot more fun 
on the trip. 
This also goes back to another poi nt I mentioned earlier. Don’t go 
into a relationship, any kind of relationship, with the thought of what 
you can get out of it. You should go into a relationship to give. This 
woman had a boyfriend. I knew that. I knew I wasn’t going to get 
anything serious out of our time together, so I made it a fun experience 
for us both. That’s how you need to  approach all the relationships and 
women in your life. Always go into it to have fun, be playful, and just 
be a strong, confident, centered guy. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
150  

 
151 
PART VII: KEEP IT STEADY! 
Continue the Mystery 
From the beginning, I have talked about being a mystery to a 
woman. Let her do all the work of pulling the information out of you. 
This is so important, and I really wanted to emphasize that you need to 
maintain your level of mystery,  not just in the beginning, but 
throughout the relationship. One of the things I would like to say in 
this case is that the concepts of being a mystery and being a challenge 
are pretty much the same thing. If you are being a mystery, you are 
being challenging to a woman. It is a challenge for her to get past the 
mystery and find out who you are. Only the women that have a high 
level of interest in you are going to dig deeper into that challenge. 
So now you have been out on your first successful date. You have 
done everything right, and some people say: Call her the next day and 
tell her what a wonderful time you had, just so she doesn’t sit and 
wonder. I say: Wrong answer.  You want her to wonder about you, 
because again, that is going to have a positive effect on her level of 
interest. 
As far as timing, when do you call her? Let’s say you have had 
your first date and everything went great. You are going to wait a 
week. You are going to use the same principle you used when you 
called her for the first date. 
If you had your date with her Wednesday or Thursday, you are 
going to call her the following Monday or Tuesday to ask her out for a 
weekday date later in the week. If  you met her on a weekend and went 
out on a Monday or Tuesday, call her the following Monday or 

How To Be A 3% Man 
152  
Tuesday and ask her out for the latter part of the week. The important 
thing is that you want to limit your dates to once a week. When you 
make your date, set it up a couple of days in advance. 
It is similar to the concept of spoon-feeding her your time. When 
you are not with her, then she is thinking and wondering about you and 
it’s causing her interest level to go up.  
The first two months that you date her, you are going to go out 
once a week. If she calls you to talk, that is her way of saying: I like 
you. I’m trying to get your attention. That’s what women do. The more 
they like you, the more they want y our attention. The more they want 
your presence. 
The Pursuit 
If she does happen to call you, remember: The phone is for 
making dates, not for giving out information. You need to maintain the 
attitude of a busy guy. You will say: Hey, what’s going on?  She may 
say: Oh, I just wanted to tell you that I had such a great time the other 
night at dinner, and just wanted you to know I was thinking about you.  
These things show level of interest. The fact that she has called you 
means that she is now pursuing you, which is a great thing. It means 
that you did a good job your first date. 
Not all women are going to call you after the first date. Actually, 
very few of them will, except the ones that have an extremely high 
interest in you to start with. If they do call you, you can say something 
along the lines of: Great. Well, I had a really nice time, too. Why don’t 
we go out next Monday, I’ll pick you up at 8 o’clock?  She: Sure, I’d 

Part VII: Keep It Steady! 
153 
love to. You: Great. Well, I’ve got to run. I have a bunch of stuff to 
take care of, but I’ll see you then. She: Okay. 
The goal is to eventually get the woman to start pursuing you. If 
she’s pursuing you, it means she has a real high level of interest. But if 
she hasn’t called and you went out on a Monday, you are going to wait 
until the following week to call her, and again ask her out for a 
Monday through Thursday. Your Fridays and Saturdays are off limits 
until she says: How come you never take me out on a weekend? 
That tells you: I want to go out on a weekend with you. I really 
like you. Usually, if you do everything right for the first 60 days, she 
will be in love with you by the end of the second month. Then you can 
start spending more and more time together. This often happens 
around the 3
rd, 4 th, or 5 th date. It all depends on where her level of 
interest was from the beginning. The lower her interest level, the 
longer it takes. If she starts out at a really high level of interest, she 
may start pursuing you after the first week or two. 
Regardless, for the first two months, the phone is for setting 
appointments, period. It is not giving out information. If you give 
away all the information about y ourself over the phone, it is anti-
challenge. You are not being centered. 
All of the sudden, you will see yourself going from a guy that has 
been really busy, maybe dating ten other women, to a guy that has 
nothing else going on. A few weeks into the relationship, if you start 
doing that, she will stop pursuing you. You will start pursuing her 
again and she won’t be as eager to see you. This is because you have 
actually been lowering her interest level. 
So it’s a dance. It is a balance, and why you have to understand 
that you always have to read her level of interest. This is an important 

How To Be A 3% Man 
154  
concept: If she is always chasing you, then she can’t get rid of you . 
She can’t be breaking up with you, if she is pursuing you. 
If she is calling you all the time, keep the conversation short. Tell 
her you are really busy, but you real ly would like to see her at dinner 
next week on Tuesday. Make it a de finite date. Don’t let her try and 
give you the: Call back to verify. She will respond: Great. 
Initially, in the first month or two of dating, you haven’t proven 
yourself. You are kind of on probation in her eyes. She is slowly 
opening up to you emotionally, as long as you continue to pass her 
tests, and you do things right. Over the long term, once you have 
started to successfully open her up emotionally to you, because of your 
strength, she will continue to open up more and more. She will want 
more and more of your presence, and who you are as a man. 
Again, if she is chasing you, she can ’t be getting rid of you at the 
same time. So as you go through those first 60 days and you keep your 
dates with her to once a week, you are building anticipation. Her 
interest level is rising. You are pl aying all your cards right on your 
dates. You are getting more and more affectionate. Intimacy starts to 
develop, and possibly the first time you sleep together happens. 
What usually happens to me is th at the first couple of weeks, I 
will be the one that calls and asks her out on a date. As she gets 
comfortable, her interest level starts to get up into the high 70’s, low 
80’s. Then she will actually start calling me. When she calls, I ask her 
out for a date. 
Just remember: In the first 60 days, you want to stay off the phone, 
even if she is calling you . When she calls you, take the opportunity to 
make another date with her. Try to keep it to just one day a week, 
unless she starts saying: I can’t wait. I want to see you tonight. I want 

Part VII: Keep It Steady! 
155 
to come over . However, if you see her too much, too soon, she will 
back off. Then you need to do the same. 
If she does start calling you, no matter how many times she calls, 
you need to stick to the once a week rule. If she last called on 
Wednesday, don’t call her until Monday or Tuesday of the following 
week to ask her out. If she doesn’t seem as enthusiastic to see you, it is 
because her interest level is dropping. If she doesn’t accept your plans 
for a date, wait another week to ask her out. 
The important concept to grasp is the need to back off. In my 
situation, I had met a woman I really  liked. We started dating. At one 
point, she started calling me all the time. I always answered her phone 
calls and was always available. We started seeing each other a lot. 
Suddenly, without my paying attention to the signs, she was starting to 
tell me: I’ll call you when I’m on my way, and giving me other types of 
wishy washy responses. 
What happened is I was no longer making definite plans, and was 
placing myself at her beck and call. Without realizing it, I was slipping 
into that mode where I thought: Okay. We’ve been dating long enough 
and I can just hang back a little. No big deal. 
The end result was eventually she reached the point where she 
called and said: I’ll call you when I’m on my way , I replied: No 
problem. We never set a definite time, and I went along with it. Then 
she started telling me some wishy washy nonsense about her cousin 
wanting her to come over, and I said: We have a date tonight. I’m here 
waiting for you . At that point she canceled on me and I didn’t hear 
from her for several days. 
What happened was that I was allo wing her to totally have her 
way with me. She would make plans when she wanted to make plans, 

How To Be A 3% Man 
156  
and call me when she wanted to call me. My being at her beck and call 
was an anti-challenge to her. She wa s no longer curious. At that point, 
she knew she could have me. 
I wasn’t paying attention to her interest level. She wasn’t in love 
with me, so it was way too soon for me to do the things I did in this 
situation. What I want you to unders tand is that if you screw up, let’s 
say you are dating and she’s calling every day and then all of the 
sudden she backs off, don’t call her because she didn’t call you. Nine 
times out of ten, it’s a test. You need to hang back and wait. Go back 
to the once a week rule. 
If you are talking to her every day and then the last time you hear 
from her is on a Wednesday, don’t call her until the following Monday 
or Tuesday to ask her out for a date in the middle of the week. Make 
sure it is a definite date. If she won’t give you a definite date, do the 
take away. If she responds with: Okay. We’ll do it some other time , 
wait until the following week to call and ask her out again. If you still 
can’t make a definite date with her, don’t bother calling to ask her out 
again, because at that point, for wh atever reason, her interest level has 
dropped too far. Remember: If she likes you, she will help you . Pay 
attention, and don’t get sloppy. 
Another example I can give involves a friend of mine. He had met 
this woman he really liked. When he first met her, he made it very 
clear that he liked her. He was ta lking about taking her out on a date, 
and was able to get her phone number. 
He called her the next day and got her voice mail, and she never 
returned his call. A few days later, he called her again. Now to explain 
this a little better, she gave h im her cell phone number. I asked: When 
you called did it go straight to voice mail?  He told me: Each time I 

Part VII: Keep It Steady! 
157 
called, it would keep ringing and then finally go to voice mail . I told 
him: Okay. It’s on her cell phone, You left two messages, which you 
know she has received. She obv iously has her cell phone on, and 
knows when she has missed calls. Don’t call her again. You’ve left two 
messages, if she’s interested, she will call you back. If you keep calling 
her, she is going to see you as weak and needy, and she will definitely 
not return your calls. You already did a sloppy job when you first met 
her. 
At this point, the only thing for him to do was to walk away. So he 
didn’t call her. A week went by and he really wanted to call her to find 
out what had happened. I told him: Just hang out. She will either call 
you, or she won’t. If she doesn’t, it’s because you came off too weak 
when you met her. Over two weeks went by before he came to me and 
said: Corey, you’re not going to believe what happened . I said: 
Hmmm. Let me guess. She called you? 
He replied: Yes. I asked: Did you make a definite date?  He said: 
Yes. We’re going out on Thursday. I told him: Good job. I had coached 
him what to do if she did call. Don’t talk on the phone for an hour, it 
will lower her interest  level and reduce the anticipation. Make a 
definite date, get her address, and tell her you are going to pick her up. 
Mention that you are busy, but you look forward to seeing her and get 
off the phone. He went out with her, and they’ve been together for 
eight to ten months now. He is probably going to end up marrying her. 
Had he continued to call and pursue her, she most likely would 
have never gone out with him. He  would have completely missed his 
opportunity. It was over two weeks before she finally called him back. 
The bottom line is that if she is interested in you, she is going to call 

How To Be A 3% Man 
158  
you. Don’t start running after her. Like the cat, you will only chase her 
away. 
All women, whether you are just starting to date, or you have been 
together for a long period of time, will at some point test you by not 
calling you. Even if she is totally pursuing you and calling you every 
day, at some point, she will test you by not calling. Don’t run after her, 
especially if this happens within that first 60 days. Wait until the 
following week to call her, set a definite date and get off the phone. 
If it is someone you have been dating, and are in a serious 
relationship, and she stops calling, you also need to let this go. Don’t 
call her up the following week and say: What happened? I haven’t 
heard from you . Be indifferent and say: Hey. How are things going?  
Sometimes women will stop calling to test you. If things are too easy 
and just going along, she will back off on purpose to see if you run 
after her. Stand you ground. You can’t react to the fact that she has all 
of the sudden stopped calling you. If you do, she will see you as being 
needy and back off even more. 
If a woman calls you in those early days of dating and has 
something she wants to ta lk about, just tell her: Honey, I want to hear 
everything about it. Why don’t you tell me all about it when I pick you 
up tomorrow night,  or: Tell me all about it when I pick you up on 
Tuesday. I want to hear about it all then. That way I can give you 
100% of my attention. 
Stay off the phone until she is completely head over heels in love 
with you. By staying off the phone, you are limiting your contact with 
her. It builds anticipation, and you are being a challenge. While she is 
waiting for the day to come when she gets to see you again, her 
interest level is going up. Once it gets into the 90’s and she is 

Part VII: Keep It Steady! 
159 
completely head over heels in love with you, she is going to be calling 
you all the time anyway. She will start calling you every day. 
Only then you can loosen up a little bit, but keep in mind that the 
phone can be anti-challenge. Some guys get hung up on: Oh, I’m 
having this great conversation with this girl , but they never go out on 
dates with her. I know I said th is somewhere else in the book, but 
unless you are going out on dates, you don’t have a relationship. 
Moving Into Relationships 
How do you know when it’s time to go steady? You always let the 
woman think it is her idea. The woman always controls where the 
relationship is going. You just gently lead, so she thinks it’s her idea. 
She’ll let you know when she wants to go steady. Keep dating 
other women until she tells you it’s off limits, or until she lets you 
know that you are to be dating no one  else, other than her. Remember: 
You need to be indifferent about her wanting to be exclusive . Act as 
though you could take it or you could leave it. 
Until she lets you know, assume she is not ready to go steady. 
Always use challenge, and keep her wanting more, especially in the 
first 60 days. Don’t get hung up on one particular woman. You must 
be indifferent. 
Put who you are out into the world and accept whatever comes 
back. If you love any other way, it is attached, needy love. Real love is 
none of these things. 
Also, try to keep the frequency of dating to once a week. As time 
goes by and you do everything right, she is going to want more and 

How To Be A 3% Man 
160  
more of your time. Initially, you will be calling and asking her out for 
dates once a week. As her interest  level goes up, she will start to 
pursue you. She will start calling you and wanting to see you more. 
I wanted to give you an example of: What does it look like when a 
woman basically says: I only want to date you ? I was dating a girl 
several years ago that I really liked. I was also still dating other 
women. She knew I was dating othe r women – she was dating other 
guys, too. 
It came to a point where we were seeing a lot of each other. We 
had been dating a couple of months , and we were seeing each other 
two to three times a week. We were driving in the car one day and she 
said: I know you have these other girls you are friends with that you 
also date. Then she added: But you’d better not be sleeping with any of 
them. That was one way for her to tell me these other girls were off 
limits. 
Later on in the same conversation she said: I know you have a lot 
of other women that are friends, and you’ve dated a lot of different 
girls, but if I found out you were still dating other women, I’d be really 
upset. That was her way of saying: You’d better not be dating anybody 
else. After my asking the “what do you mean?” question, she finally 
came right out and said: I don’t want you to be dating anybody else. I 
want you to be dating only me.  I responded by saying: What do you 
mean? Are you saying I have to get rid of all these other girls? 
She replied: Yes. I answered: Well, can I keep just one of them? At 
this point, I’m teasing, I’m being playful about it. She said: No. I 
asked: Does that mean I have to burn my little black book, too?  She 
said: Yes. I said: What if I keep a photocopy, just in case?  She said: 
Nope. You have to get rid of your book. 

Part VII: Keep It Steady! 
161 
She is laughing the whole time we are saying this, but this is how 
she came out and said: You and I are exclusive. This is what I want.  
Never forget, even when you are movi ng into more serious topics in 
your relationship, love is playful. Keep it funny and light, even with 
serious subjects. Don’t get into a se rious discussion thinking you have 
to do things a certain way. Love is supposed to be fun. 
Don’t talk about your future, because you will lower your chances 
of being in it. Let her be the one to bring it up. You need to make it her 
idea. It is important to remember that men pick, but women do the 
choosing. It’s like that in nature. You see a lot of animals competing 
for a female, and she decides which male she’s actually going to mate 
with, who is suitable, and who is acceptable to her. It’s the same thing 
with men and women. Women are goin g to decide who they want to 
date exclusively, and who they don’t. 
Remember: The couple that plays together stays together . Think 
of it as though you are two children, always wanting to have fun. That 
is the approach you need to take w ith your relationships to keep the 
magic alive long-term. 
A guy that understands these princi ples doesn’t need to ask where 
a woman is at in her interest level, or where the relationship is going. 
He always knows where it is. He is always going to judge a woman by 
what she does, not necessarily what  she says. Most guys don’t really 
understand what the meanings of her words are. 
Testing During the First 60 Days 
Let’s say a woman breaks a date with you. Your relationship has 
been going along well and all the sudden she starts breaking dates. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
162  
Right after she has broken the date, she says: But I can’t wait to see 
you again. Men scratch their heads in confusion, thinking: What does 
that mean? If she really wanted to see you – guess what? You’d be 
going out with her. You would be spending time with her. You have to 
understand what the meanings of the words are.  
Another thing that’s really important to remember is that if a 
woman shares information with you, you always want to remember it. 
If a woman goes out on a date with you, they will remember the color 
of the table cloth. They can tell you what outfit they were wearing, 
what you had for dinner, what she had for dinner, and what the bottle 
of wine was – they remember everything. Once again, you are left 
scratching your head, thinking: What? You will be tested later to see if 
you were really listening. 
It may be two or three dates down the road, but they are 
eventually going to say: Oh, remember when we were talking about 
this, and remember when I told you that story? If your response is: No, 
I’ve never heard that story . She is going to know that you weren’t 
listening to her. 
So when you are looking her in the eyes and acknowledging this 
stuff, you have to remember, because there will be a test later. If you 
fail that test, then she will start throwing other things at you to see if 
you were listening that time. You will start hearing those age-old 
words: You don’t listen to me. And you will give the age-old response: 
Yes, I do . When a woman says you are not listening to her, she is 
indicating that you are not remembering the things she’s saying. 
In her mind, you are not listening to her. You may be looking at 
her, but are you hearing what she is saying? Are you remembering 
everything she is saying? Granted, we may not remember things as 

Part VII: Keep It Steady! 
163 
well as women do, but you had better st art remembering the gist of the 
conversation, or there’s going to be hell to pay. 
Women are always going to push to see what your boundaries are. 
They might say things playfully when they’re dating: If you don’t do 
this for me, I’m not going to see you any more.  My ex-girlfriend from 
London would tease me and say: Well, I’m not going to come see you, 
then. I’m not going to come see you next month , or: I’m not going to 
come see you in a few weeks. 
I would respond: Okay. Well, I guess it’s time to get out the old 
black book and call up some of my old girlfriends, then . She said: You 
don’t have a black book.  I replied: Yes, I do. I just hid it in a very safe 
place from you . She said: Well, I’m not going to come see you . I 
answered: Okay. You’re not going to come see me. I’m sorry for all the 
fun that you’re going to miss out on. I guess I’ll just have to spend my 
time with somebody else. 
I would just banter and be playfu l. It was her way of testing, 
because guys will bite into that, and say: What do you mean you’re not 
going to come see me?  She then replies: Oh, I’m thinking about not 
coming. I have a lot of things going on . Him: But I really want to see 
you. Her: Well, that’s really sweet, but, you know…  It’s her way of 
testing to see: Are you really strong?  
In this situation, she wanted to know that if she didn’t come, I 
would still be myself without her bein g there. She was trying to test 
and see how badly I really wanted her to come see me. Her tone was 
serious when she called, almost as if to say: Hey, something might be 
coming up. I took on an attitude of being jokingly indifferent in this 
case. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
164  
She was bluffing to test and see where she stood. She did come to 
see me, and later when we were driving back from the airport, she 
said: Were you worried that I wasn’t going to come?  I gave her a 
joking glance and replied: No. I knew you were going to come. I knew 
the only reason you threw that out there at all was to test to see if you 
could get a rise out of me. I ne ver doubted you were going to come.  
She broke down and laughed so hard, and admitted that I was right. 
The whole thing had been a test, a nd she was just teasing and playing 
around to see if she could get a reaction. 
Again, women will always test you. If things have been going 
well, she will test to stir things up. She will do it just to make it 
interesting and to break up the monot ony. Any time a woman senses a 
weakness, she is going to test you and exploit it more. If she senses 
you are needy, or maybe she said something that made you jealous? 
She is going to do more of what made you jealous. She is going to do 
more of what made you feel needy, just to make sure you really aren’t 
needy. The more she senses the weakness, the more she’s going to 
push, and the more she’s going to test. 
You have to become comfortable with being yourself. You need 
to make it part of who you are. S ooner or later, you will own it. And 
you have to own it, because if you can’t maintain it later in the 
relationship, if you ever let that down, you are not the person she 
thought you were in the first place. She will see weakness and test and 
pull away, which makes you start to pursue, which will drive her away 
even more. 
You have to be strong and in your center. You need to be 
indifferent and walk away, if nece ssary. A woman has to know that if 

Part VII: Keep It Steady! 
165 
she pushes you too far, you will walk and never look back. Until she 
knows and feels that, you are never going to completely own her heart. 
The Big Bounce 
I want to talk for a moment about backing up when things start to 
get squirrelly. What happens if you have been seeing a woman 
consistently and now she doesn’t seem to get excited about seeing you, 
or you can tell her interest level is  dropping? You always want to be 
aware of that. What is happening is the anticipation is not where it 
needs to be, and you are not being enough of a challenge to her.  
It is time to pull back a little bit. Back up. If normally you call her 
back right away when she calls you, wait an hour or two. If you always 
answer the phone when she calls? Let it go to voice mail. It is taking 
two steps forward, one step back. Women pull away, they bluff, and 
they test. The more you chase after them, the more they run away, and 
the more they test. Remember, the ideal place to be in a relationship is 
with the woman pursuing you. Back up and let her find the thrill of the 
chase again. 
When dating a woman that has just come out of a long term 
relationship or marriage, or she recently broke up with a boyfriend that 
she was with for three years, you have to keep in mind that her 
feelings are going to be really raw. Emotional healing takes time. I 
once read that it takes a year and a half of recovery for every five years 
of relationship, for her feelings to completely heal. This is the time it 
takes for her to be really emotionall y ready to be in another long-term 
relationship. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
166  
I had one girlfriend that I was really good friends with. I used to 
do an infomercial in Orlando, and sh e was my co-host. I could tell 
there was chemistry between us. I actually took her out, because all the 
signs of high interest were there. We had a lot in common, and our 
resumes were almost identical. 
We went out the first and second week. When I called the third 
week to ask her out, all of the sudden I was getting real wishy washy 
answers. Everything seemed as though it had been going great, and her 
interest level was going up. The week before when we were kissing, 
she almost sucked the tongue out of my mouth and had invited me into 
her apartment at the end of our date . I later found out she had started 
seeing a guy she had dated for about two years. She had broken up 
with him about six months before, and then got back together with 
him. That’s what had happened. 
Keep in mind that women who are on the rebound, their emotions 
are very raw, and they may display very high levels of interest. You 
could go out and have a great date  and all of the sudden they don’t 
ever want to see you again. They can’t see you any more, and you are 
left scratching your head again: Why? What happened?  They weren’t 
emotionally ready yet. That’s all it takes. 
One other important point for avoiding the big bounce is: Don’t 
try to make your girlfriend, or your  wife, or your lady your mama . If 
you’ve had something real hard to deal with in your life, emotionally, 
or are dealing with emotional baggage, don’t cry every night in your 
woman’s arms. It might be okay the first night, but if it’s an on-going 
thing, and you are looking for someone to take care of and baby you, it 
is one of the quickest ways to turn your lady off. 

Part VII: Keep It Steady! 
167 
If you are looking for a woman that is that giving, you are looking 
for someone that is totally in her feminine energy. If that’s where she 
is at, she isn’t going to want to deal with your neediness. A woman in 
her full feminine wants a man that’s in his full masculine. She wants a 
strong, centered, confident guy. 
The “L” Word 
When I tell a woman that I love her, I usually let her say it to me, 
first. When she is ready, she will come right out and say it. Most guys, 
on the first date or the second date, are already saying: I love you . 
Women respond by pushing that neediness away: What? I don’t even 
know you yet. 
As I said before, guys are physical for the most part. Guys fall in 
love through their eyes and women through their ears. They go 
instantly to that place of: Oh, wow, I’m going to marry her . Women 
take longer.  
How this usually unfolds is that you start dating her, and you have 
the first 60 days of the relationship. You are going out with her once a 
week. Somewhere around, say eight or ten dates, she will move into 
the: I love you  phase. If you go out with her once a week for the first 
two months, by the end of the two months, if you do everything right, 
she will be head over heels in love with you. 
As you get toward the end of those two months and she has said 
those magic words: I love you , you should have already seen it 
coming. By now, you should have known exactly where her interest 
was, because you have been watching for the signs every step of the 
way. Once she is totally in love with you, then you can start seeing 

How To Be A 3% Man 
168  
each other every night. You can also spend the weekends… all the 
weekends together and see each other six, seven nights of the week, if 
you want. 
Some women may have a harder time saying the actual words. 
But again, you will have been watching for all the signs. You will 
know when she has reached that leve l of interest. If she’s calling you 
all the time, calling you once or twice a day: I can’t wait to see you 
again. I miss you so much . That tells you exactly where she’s at.  I’m 
dying to see you. I had such a great time the other night. When can I 
see you again? It is her way of saying: Hey, I’m wide open to whatever 
you want. She is telling you: I want your attention. I want all of your 
presence. 
At that point, you can start spending more time with her. If she’s 
totally gone over you, she is going to be calling you all the time, 
anyway. What you will notice is that three to four weeks into it, if you 
have been successful at raising her level of interest, she’ll actually start 
pursuing you more. 
You won’t even have to call he r any more. When she does call 
you to talk, you just make y our date on the phone and say: Great. Tell 
me all about it when we go to dinner . You are still being a challenge. 
You keep letting stuff build up. It will make her anticipate spending 
time with you: Oh, I can’t wait to see him . When you finally pick her 
up and go out, she can just complete ly unload all this stuff she has 
wanted to share with you. You will be able to see how excited she is to 
see you. You will be able to feel it when she showers you with her 
affection, and with her love. 

 
169 
PART VIII: SOLVING THE MYSTERY 
Pay Attention! 
Paying attention is, simply put, just being aware. It is important to 
always use the chart we demonstrated in Part V as your little radar. 
Once you have passed the first 60 days of dating, you are going steady 
with your girlfriend, and everything is going well, paying attention 
becomes an important part of maintaining what you have worked so 
hard for. 
You are still going to always be judging her level of interest. You 
are always going to be watching what she does. You are always going 
to be watching her actions. Otherwise, it is too easy to slip into 
complacency. I still do this. You start not paying attention, or you 
don’t call. You don’t take your lady out. You don’t do what you 
should. She will let you know, but it is subtle. By the time your figure 
it out, her interest level has dropped beyond possibility of salvage, and 
she is gone from your life. 
I had a girlfriend once that I dated for about six months. I was 
getting complacent. I wasn’t sure that I really wanted to stay in the 
relationship. I was having a lot of doubts. 
She had this guy she dated before me and had blown off when we 
first met. I remember one night we  had talked on the phone, and I was 
kind of short with her. I was real busy. I honestly didn’t even realize it. 
I was just really stressed out from work. She usually called me two or 
three times a day. Over four days went by and I hadn’t heard from her. 
I thought: Uh-oh. I must have done something to really piss her off. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
170  
So I called her, and she told me: I went out with my friend, 
(meaning her ex)  and he told me I shouldn’t break up with you. He 
was holding my hand and comforting me. He said I should make it 
work with you.  I’m thinking the whole reason she’s telling me this is: 
Hey dude, this is your replacement. If you don’t get your act together, 
I already have your replacement lined up. 
You have to be able to read be tween the lines. It was her subtle 
way of saying: You are really screwing up here . Women won’t lie. 
They will always tell you what is going on. If your relationship isn’t 
going well, or you think it’s going well, and she starts telling you 
about this really nice guy that she works with, who has been asking her 
out and hitting on her, and he’s really nice… If she is talking about 
this other guy positively, it is her way of saying: You need to wake up 
and get with the program. I have somebody else that’s interested in 
me. If you keep lowering my interest level, you are going to get 
replaced. 
Women are not going to come right out and say it. They are a lot 
more subtle and you have to learn to  read between the lines. If you are 
screwing up, and are not spending the time with her that you should, or 
you are not treating her like you should, you can always tell by how 
she is acting toward you.  Has sh e stopped lovemaking, kissing, and is 
no longer touching you? Does she not seem as happy to see you any 
more? Maybe she’s a little bitchy when you get home? 
This is all her way of saying: You are failing at making me happy. 
You are failing at giving me your presence and your love, and so 
therefore, I’m shutting down. A lot of guys will say: She’s just being a 
bitch. But it is her way of saying that you are being weak, and you are 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
171 
not being centered, and you are not taking care of business the way 
you should be. 
Once you have passed the first few months and your lady is totally 
in love with you, at that point, the more of your presence and love you 
give your lady, the more she wants from you. Women are all about 
opening up and receiving your love  and your presence. The masculine 
energy is all about purpose, drive,  direction, and mission in life, and 
breaking through barriers. 
Physically, women open up and receive. They are penetrated in 
every way by their man. And men, in every way, penetrate the world 
and their woman. So the more you give to your lady, the more she 
wants from you. That is why she calls you during the day: Hey, just 
calling to see what you’re doing. It’s like a big billboard saying: Hey, I 
just want to feel your love, I want to feel your presence.  That’s why, 
when you walk in the door, she doesn’t even have to tell you she loves 
you. She runs up to you and puts he r arms around you and kisses you. 
It is because she wants to feel the love that you have for her. 
It is also why, when she says: Hey, look, I had my nails done 
today. If you say: Honey, I’m watching TV?  It is the worst thing you 
can do. You are basically saying to her: I don’t love you. I’m not 
giving you any of my presence. Get the hell out of my way. You are 
unimportant to me right now. You are invalidating what is important to 
her. 
When she says: I just had my hair done. What do you think, 
honey? You have to stop what you are doing, and say: You look 
beautiful. You look great…she did a great job. I love your nails…I love 
that new dress you just bought. Your new hair color looks great. That 
new handbag? I think it goes great with that outfit. You look really hot. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
172  
Women want to be noticed. Everything they do is about getting 
your attention. That is why it’s so important to understand what it 
means to them. 
One of my friends that wrote a testimonial for me recently, saying 
that I saved his relationship. His girlfriend was doing everything she 
could to try and get his atten tion. All she wanted to do was feel him. I 
told him: Your sole purpose for being in that relationship is to give to 
her. So you either need to give to  her or go out and get yourself a 
hooker. Then you can have a transactional based relationship with no 
emotional attachments. 
Once he got that, he understood th at everything she was doing – 
the clothes she was wearing, and the hair – was all about her saying: I 
want to feel your love. I want to feel your presence. 
Basically, what happens is that a woman closes down. She shuts 
down, and puts this wall up. You ha ve shut her down because you 
haven’t given her your presence. So she is going to make it ten times 
as difficult for you to get back into her heart again. She is going to test 
you and make it really hard, because she wants to be sure that if she 
does open up to receive your love that you are going to give that love 
and presence to her. 
If you tell her you love her, and you don’t show by your actions 
that you love her it’s just an: Oh, I love you. It means nothing to her if 
you are not still romancing her. In her mind, if you really did love her, 
you would be showing her that you loved her. If you really did love 
her, you would spend the time trying to find out what is bothering her. 
You would want to know what’s really upsetting her. You would get 
to the root issue, and let her communicate so she feels like you 
completely understand her.  

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
173 
So, what happens is that there is a shift. Once you have passed her 
test that you are worthy, it is an on-going process. As long as you 
continue to do things right, she will remain open to you, and if she 
ever does shut down on you, then it is your job to break through those 
barriers. When you have time in with her and been with her for a 
while, it’s a lot easier to do that, as opposed to when you first met her. 
So that’s why a woman is going to call you in the middle of the 
day and say: Hey, I just wanted to call and tell you that I love you . All 
she’s looking for is to feel you. She wants to feel your presence. She 
wants to know that you love her and you care about her. But when you 
are really busy at work, you can’t st op what you are doing, just talk to 
her every time she calls. 
Here is a good example: One of my  former business associates is 
a very weak guy, and his wife is extremely needy. She used to call him 
three or four times a day because she was so insecure. He had cheated 
on her two or three times over the cour se of their marriage, and they 
had been together for about 15 years. When she constantly called him, 
what she was looking for without realizing it, was validation: Does he 
still love me? Is he still being faithful to me?  That was something he 
had fallen down on a few years earlier in their marriage. 
No matter what it was, he would stop whatever we were doing to 
sit there and talk to her. Once we were in a meeting with about ten 
people and she just kept calling over and over again, because he 
wouldn’t pick up. Finally, he started to worry that it was an 
emergency. He picked up the phone and said: We’re in a meeting, are 
you okay? Is there an emergency?  She said: Oh, no. I just wanted to 
call and see how you were doing . He replied: I’m in a meeting. That’s 
why I kept sending you to voice mail. The only reason I answered was 

How To Be A 3% Man 
174  
because you kept calling back and I thought there was something 
wrong. 
If your wife or girlfriend calls you in the middle of the day and 
you are busy doing something, you should not stop what you’re doing 
just to talk to her. What you should do, if you answer the phone and 
are talking to her, is say: Honey, I’m really busy. It was really sweet of 
you to call and tell me how much y ou care. I just want you to know 
that I appreciate the phone call. I can’t talk right now, but I’ll 
definitely see you tonight. 
When you go home that night, show her how much you 
appreciated her calling: It was good hearing from you today. I love 
hearing your sweet voice in the middle of the day.  While you were at 
work, you weren’t really able to talk to her. She may have felt a little 
rejected, like you couldn’t make time for her, but you just happened to 
be busy focusing on your purpose. She may be feeling a little down 
about that, so this is your opportunity to really open her up and 
acknowledge what she did. It was her way of saying: I just want you to 
know that I love you by calling in the middle of the day. 
Acknowledge it. Kiss her, hug her, and say: It was really good 
hearing for you. I just love hearing your voice . That’s all you have to 
say. It makes her feel as though: He really does care.  Again, pay 
attention. Women want your attention all th e time. You have to 
acknowledge the things they do to get your attention. 
Acknowledge everything they do, because you are the one who 
opened them up, and you worked hard at always building anticipation. 
Now they are always looking at receiving your love and receiving your 
presence. That’s what the purpose is to her phone calls during the day, 
the e-mails, why they write you little cards, why they leave you little 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
175 
notes, and go shopping. It is why they spend two to three hours at the 
salon getting their hair done. They are just a big billboard that’s 
saying: Show me how much you adore me, and worship me, and love 
me.  
It is important when you first come home from work, that the first 
thing you do before anything else is to go up to your wife and say: 
Hey, honey, how was your day?  If she jumps in your arms and is 
hugging and kissing you, it tells you her interest level is in the 90’s 
and everything is great. If she says: I had a horrible day,  guys have to 
understand that your lady doesn’t want you to solve her problems. She 
just needs you to listen to them. 
So say to her: Well, tell me about your day … It is important to 
have specifics in there and say things like: How’d that make you feel?  
And: Don’t leave anything out.  What I will often do is while she talks 
on and on, I’ll say: Well, what else? Tell me more. 
You are pulling out everything that happened, because just by 
talking about it, it creates rapport. It  is making her feel better just by 
saying: So if I understand you right, y ou were talking to your 
girlfriend Sally, and this, this, and this happened, and she said that, 
and it made you feel this way . Repeat back some of what she said to 
you. It is your way of acknowledging her and letting her know that you 
understand her, because women want to be understood. 
The Art of Communication 
One of the clients I am coaching was in a meeting with his 
girlfriend the other day. Besides being in a relationship, they also work 
together. Whatever he said in the meeting, it was as though she was 

How To Be A 3% Man 
176  
countering everything. She was disagreeing with everything he was 
saying. I told him: The reason why she is disagreeing with you is 
because things are not going well between the two of you. 
The reason she is so against, or adamantly opposing him is that he 
was being weak. He failed in his mission and his purpose. This was 
her way of kicking him in the knees and getting him to step up, be a 
man, and stand up to her. She was te sting him and using this as an 
opportunity to try out a confrontation with him. 
She was throwing a storm at him, and she wanted him to stay 
present and strong. What I suggested in this situation was to 
acknowledge what she was saying: I appreciate the fact that you said 
this, this, and this, and I appreciat e your input. However, you have 
only been working with me for a few months. I have had this business 
for many years, and this is what works. This is what my decision is. 
She was still really nasty, and would throw barbs at him. He 
finally turned to her and said: I am in a really good mood today, and 
I’m going to stay in that mood. I have things I have to do, so I’m going 
to go . And he left. She had been doing this in front of some other 
employees, and had been way out of line. I told him: You absolutely 
did the right thing there. 
If he would have sat there and trie d to argue with her, all it would 
have accomplished was to have it escal ate into a big argument in front 
of everybody in the office. He was centered. He was strong. He was 
not letting her get to him. That was what he needed to do in that case. 
As I explained to him, nine times out of ten, if she’s mad at you 
for not taking out the garbage, you take the garbage out and she’s still 
angry you? It’s not that she was mad at you about the garbage. The 
reason she was angry was that you gave her your word and then didn’t 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
177 
keep it. When a guy does that, it does not make his lady feel safe. It 
makes her doubt his core. When she doubts his core, she either has to 
test him to feel his strength, or to help get him to step up and be a 
stronger man. 
One of the things I use a lot to break tension is humor. If I have 
done something that has really made my girlfriend mad, I will try to be 
humorous about it. I’ll tease her. I’ll banter back and forth just to get 
her to loosen up and to get her back into her feminine and to where she 
can be playful again. It is very important to use humor and be playful, 
and not take things seriously. 
That’s why communication is so important. If she has shut down 
and you say: What’s wrong, honey?  She’ll say: Oh nothing. 
Everything’s just fine . If you say: Okay. As long as everything’s fine , 
and then you go sit down in front of the television. She may come out 
and say: Why don’t you take the damn garbage out?  She’s not mad at 
you for not taking the garbage out. She is angry because you haven’t 
opened her back up. 
Women want to be in their femin ine energy. You didn’t penetrate 
her with your love and presence. That is usually when guys say: Well, 
she says one thing, and then when I do what she says she wants, it 
makes her mad. She told me everything was fine and to go out and 
play poker with my buddies when she was in the hospital. So I went out 
and played and now she’s mad at me.  
Women want you to know instinctively what to do. They don’t 
want to teach you how to be a man. They want you to already know 
how to do all these things. One area where women could do a better 
job is in helping their men understand. Most women just assume: He’ll 

How To Be A 3% Man 
178  
figure it out . Or: He should already know these things . Why should I 
have to teach him? But most men really don’t know these things.  
So when she says: Oh, nothing’s wrong, and you know something 
is wrong? Then you need to shut off the television and say: Honey, 
what’s the matter? She: Oh, I’m fine. I don’t want to talk about it right 
now. NOT. That is a test. It is her saying: How much do you really 
care about me? Are you willing to get past all these barriers and these 
blocks I’m putting in your way to find out what is going on or not? 
She: I don’t want to talk about it.  Me: I’m not going anywhere.  
Then I’ll start using some humor. I will sit there, if she’s in the kitchen 
or something and say: What’s wrong? She: I’m not talking to you. Me: 
Okay, well, I’ll just sit in here then , and I’ll start singing or something 
along the lines of: Jimmy crack corn and I don’t care …I’ll start 
throwing little things like almonds at her. If she’s putting dishes away, 
I’ll start taking dishes out and put them back on the counter. I’ll just be 
really silly and goofy. 
Then she’ll say: What do you want? Why are you bothering me?  
I’ll say: I’m not bothering you. I just w ant to know what’s on your 
mind. She: I’m not talking about it. Me: Okay, you’re not talking about 
it. So tell me what’s really on your mind. She: I’m not talking about it. 
Me: Well, what’s eating at you then? 
She: I’m not speaking to you. You pissed me off.  Me: Oh? I pissed 
you off, huh? So what are you mad about? Talk to me. I want to know , 
honey. Tell me. I want to know what’s on your mind . Now I have 
finally broken through and started on hitting the root of the problem. 
She: I really, really don’t want to talk about it right now.  Me: Well, 
I’m not going any where. Then I’ll go over and shut the water off, and 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
179 
close the dishwasher. I’ll hold her. She may squirm and push me away 
and say: Don’t touch me. Then I might start tickling her.  
I’ll pull up her shirt and blow on her belly or something, being 
silly and outrageous, just to get her out of that state. She is now seeing 
that no matter what she does, she can’t sway me from my purpose. My 
purpose is to find out what’s wron g, what’s on her mind. My purpose 
is to give her the love that she is really looking for. 
Eventually she may just break down and start crying, and tell me 
just what’s going on. I will keep working to pull it out of her: What’s 
the matter? How did it make you feel?  When she tells me: Well, you 
did this, this, and this, and it really bothered me.  I will repeat some of 
that back to her and say: So when I did this, and I said that, it really 
hurt your feelings, and made you upset. 
When you communicate with women, you have to find out what’s 
going on: Honey, what’s bothering you?  If she says: Oh, I’m fine, and 
you know something’s wrong? You can’t walk away. If you walk 
away, she may throw a dish at you as if to say: I can’t believe you. Me: 
What? You told me nothing’s wrong. 
You have to dig deeper, because she is testing to see if you really 
care enough to want to know what’s bothering her. If you really care 
enough to take away the pain she’s feeling inside. You need to draw 
this out of her by asking her questions: Honey, tell me what’s upsetting 
you, and not leaving until you get it out of her what is going on. 
Most guys will just say: I’m sorry , and she’ll say: Okay, thank 
you. I’m glad you’re sorry . Or the guy says: I love you. Instead of you 
saying it, she wants you to show it. The way you show it is with your 
presence, and by showing her: You are not moving me off center, here . 
The words don’t really have that much meaning to her. It is your 

How To Be A 3% Man 
180  
actions, and the fact that you are not going anywhere. It is you 
understanding her when she says: Well, you did this, this, this, and it 
really hurt me, and you repeat it back: Oh, so I did this, this, and this, 
and it made you feel this way. And it hurt you, and it made you feel like 
this. Is that right? Is that how I made you feel? 
Keep working to pull it out of her: Tell me everything. Don’t leave 
anything out , and after she pauses: Tell me more , and: How’d that 
make you feel?  Every minute or so when she shares something with 
you, in order to create rapport with her, you are going to repeat back to 
her some of the things she just said to you. 
So you are telling me that the other day when I left without kissing 
you goodbye in the morning, it made you feel like I didn’t care about 
you. It was as though I didn’t appreci ate that you woke up extra early 
to get the kids ready and to make me breakfast. Am I hearing you 
correctly? Is that what you meant? 
So basically, I hurt your feelings the other day.  You need to 
acknowledge this. I’m sorry, honey. I was just in a hurry, rushing out 
the door like that, not taking the time to thank you for breakfast, and 
getting the kids ready. It was wrong of me not to appreciate you. It was 
wrong of me not to acknowledge that. It was wrong of me not to give 
you that. I know that was all you we re looking for, was that little peck 
on the cheek, or that little kiss, but you’re right. I was really focused 
on what I was going to be doing during the day, and I know I was 
being selfish. I was only thinking about myself, and not thinking about 
you. I took you for granted, totally, and I’m sorry.  
That is the way you need to apologize to a woman. Most guys 
will say: Well, I said I was sorry for not kissing you goodbye.  You 
didn’t take the time to find out exactly what was going on. You didn’t 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
181 
take the time to repeat it back to  her and create rapport. You didn’t 
take the time to put it into the context of how it hurt her emotionally 
by breaking through her barriers. Remember: Women have an 
emotionally based operating system . You need to keep working with 
her, pulling the information out, until you hear those magic words: I 
feel so much better, I’m so glad we talked. 
Usually, that is what you’ll get. Until you get that, you are not 
done. You haven’t complete ly opened her back up. And if it’s things 
that have been building up for a long time, you may be a couple of 
hours. Each time, you will get a little be tter at it. You’ll be able to get 
it down to 15-20 minutes. Then, when something really sets her off, it 
will only take you 15-20 minutes to get her to that point where she is 
saying: I feel so much better. I’m so glad we talked. 
Those are the magic words, but not necessarily in that order. She 
might say: I feel better . Or: Oh, I’m good now, honey. I’m glad we 
talked. I’m glad I got this off my chest . When you hear that, you know 
you have gotten through and the barriers are down. Then you can hold 
her in your arms, and you can love her. You can make love to her – 
because she’s open again to you at that point.  
Women want to be understood. Now you know how to understand 
your lady by talking about her feelings and getting everything off her 
chest that has been bothering her deep inside. When you finally get to 
the root cause of everything that’s bothering her, you will hear those 
magic words: I feel better. I’m so glad we talked. 
Keep in mind, that with a woman, you get no points for what you 
did in the past. You could have been the perfect husband for the past 
ten years, but if you’ve been screwing up all day today, she will say: 
You are a jerk, a bad husband, and you never treat me right . Most 

How To Be A 3% Man 
182  
guys will respond: Well, I did this last week and this the week before. 
I’ve been married to you for ten years and I have always done this 
and… Guys go on this whole rationalizing thing. 
Women don’t think like that. All she is trying to say to you is: You 
hurt me in this moment and you need to make it right.  You do not get 
points for what you did in the past. What you did for the first ten years 
of the marriage doesn’t matter. What does matter to her is that you’ve 
been screwing up today. She doesn’t literally mean you are a bad 
husband, or a jerk. It is what she is feeling right now, in the moment 
she is saying it. She is riding the wave of emotion. It is just the place 
that women come from. 
Women are emotionally-based. I always hear guys saying: Women 
aren’t rational . I say: To me they are completely rational, once you 
understand where they are coming from . When you understand that 
everything they say and do is emotionally-based.  
The Art of Knowing 
The art of knowing the right and wrong things to do with and 
around a woman can be a tricky path to walk. It is a lot easier when 
you use some common sense. For example: Don’t talk about other 
women. Come on guys, how bright do you have to be to figure that 
one out? 
If you are at the beach, don’t say: Hey, that’s a really nice bikini 
that girl’s wearing . Or: She’s got some really nice sunglasses . Your 
woman knows you are comparing her to that woman. Do not tell her 
how you really liked it when your ex-girlfriend used to do this and 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
183 
used to do that. Or how your new boss wears her hair long and straight 
and really nice, and that she was wearing this really nice, tight dress… 
A woman knows that when you comment on another woman, you 
are making a comparison. They certainly don’t like it. Why would you 
go out of your way to make her miserable? 
Now if she is noticing another man, she may be bringing it up just 
to test you. It may be her way of saying: Will you pay more attention 
to me now? It also could be indications that maybe things aren’t going 
as well as you think they are in your relationship, so she’s noticing 
another guy. It is her way of saying: Hey buddy, you’d be tter get your 
act together, because my interest level is dropping.  It is important to 
be aware of that. 
You never want to argue with a woman, because it is only going 
to escalate. The bottom line is that you are never going to win an 
argument anyways. Women don’t fight fair, and they don’t argue 
rationally. It is mostly emotionally-based. If you are trying to have a 
rational argument with her, she will only end up throwing around more 
of her emotions, because she is trying to say: Hey, you need to notice 
me. You need to acknowledge my heart. You need to acknowledge how 
I feel. You are not doing that by arguing. 
All it will do is to cause her to argue more, raise her voice, throw 
more emotions into the mix, and possibly to cry, scream, and do all the 
other things she may do. It is mo re productive to take a metal hammer 
and beat yourself over the head, than it is to try to argue with a 
woman. 
If you have just screwed up and she brings up something that 
happened ten years ago, it is just her way of trying to drive the point 
home. She is bringing up other times you wounded her in the same 

How To Be A 3% Man 
184  
way. You can’t take it personally. She is trying to say: Hey, listen to 
me. I want you to understand me . The communication technique I 
covered previously is what you need to use to get through and 
acknowledge her. 
One of the other things to keep in mind, as it invariably comes up 
at some point with your girlfriend or your wife, where she will see a 
very attractive woman and say: Do you think that woman over there is 
pretty? Most guys will look over and say: Oh, yeah. What I will often 
do to show her I really adore her, is to respond with: Where? 
Girlfriends of mine have done this while I’m sitting at dinner. She 
will say: Look at the girl over there. I’ll continue to look my girlfriend 
in the eyes and say: I don’t see her.  She: The one right over there . I’ll 
say: I don’t know what you’re talking about . Even though I’m sure 
there is a very pretty woman over there, it is my way of saying: I could 
care less about the woman on the other side of the restaurant. You are 
the only one I care about. 
I might even say something like: You are the most beautiful 
woman in the world, and the only one that matters to me . It is a subtle 
way of showing her that she has all of my presence. In her own subtle 
way, she is looking to see how you react to another woman. I take that 
as an opportunity to show her how into her I am, and how committed I 
am. 
Weathering the Storm 
Women are like the ocean, and guys have these little rowboats or 
canoes. A guy will be just cruising along and it’s a nice, sunny, 
beautiful day, and he’s thinking: Wow. This is great. 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
185 
The ocean is flat, when all the sudden, from out of nowhere it 
becomes like a hurricane. There are ten foot waves everywhere. The 
guy, no matter what his lady is doing, has to remain centered. In other 
words, he can’t let her capsize his boat. He can’t let her sink him. He 
can’t let her get him off his path and his purpose in life. And he can’t – 
no matter what – let her get him out of his masculine. 
If she does capsize your boat and you sink? First, you have to bail 
it out and bring it back to the surface. Now she will make it twice as 
hard, the storm will get twice as bad, until she sees that no matter what 
she does, she can’t sway you from your  path. It doesn’t matter if she’s 
throwing stuff at you, yelling, cussing at you, or saying: I hate your 
guts. 
The movie, Cinderella Man, is a great example of how a woman 
tests the purpose of her man, and test s his strength and masculinity. 
Based on a true story, Jim Braddock, the boxer, has been out of boxing 
for two years due to an injury. A promoter friend comes to him and 
says: Hey, I’ve got a fight. It’s a one time shot. I need you to fight 
tomorrow night. He had one days’ notice without training and ends up 
beating the guy. So with zero training and no fights for two years, he 
takes a fight, beating a potential championship contender. He was 
never expected to win. They had basically needed a warm body in the 
ring. 
In a nutshell, he goes all the way to the heavyweight 
championship bout, and the guy he is fighting for the heavyweight 
championship has previously killed two guys. He’s really young, and 
an amazing fighter. His wife tells him not to fight because he’ll get 
hurt, or worse, he will die. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
186  
However, masculine energy demands that he fight and go live his 
purpose, no matter how much his wife pr otests. If he was to quit, or to 
not fight, or shrink in the face of the challenge, then he would be 
weak. He is a hero that everyone can believe in. Even when his wife 
protests, and tests, he still fights, even if it means losing everything. 
Even if it means that she is not going to support him. This is masculine 
energy. 
His wife, at one point in the movie,  goes into the church to pray 
for him before the fight. The church is full. She goes to the priest: 
What’s everybody in here for? I’m coming to pray for Jimmy . He tells 
her: Everyone in here is praying for him. They’re praying that he’s 
going to win and that he’s going to be okay. 
At the time, during the Depression, he was a guy that had been 
down and out, and completely out of boxing, but he managed to get a 
second chance at his dream. Now he  is fighting for the championship. 
Even though he shouldn’t have won all these fights, he was winning 
because he had a reason to win. He was doing it to provide for his 
family. They needed the money, and he did not want his family to get 
split up. 
He almost lost his whole family. At one point he and his wife sent 
their kids away to live with relatives because they didn’t have the 
money to feed them properly. Their power had been turned off, it was 
cold, the kids were getting sick, and it just created so much pain inside 
of him that he was not going to let this happen. 
So he was out there fighting a boxing match and he was fighting 
for his family, for their survival and well-being. His wife, needless to 
say, was stunned that everybody in the church was praying for him. 
Everybody in that church wanted a hero to believe in, especially 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
187 
during the Great Depression. They wanted someone to give them hope 
that things would turn out for the be st, even when they looked at their 
worst. You can imagine the Great Depression, what it was like. 
The people thought he was fighting for them. It makes them feel 
safe. It gave them hope and certainty, which is exactly what masculine 
energy does when it is in its core. It also has the same effect on a 
woman’s feminine heart. Her feminine heart opens to receive his 
presence when he passes her test, and tests of his manhood. 
At one point in the movie his wife told him: I’m not coming to the 
fight. I don’t want you to fight. I’m not happy that you’re fighting. I’m 
not going to listen to it on the radio. I’m not supporting you in this, at 
all. 
Regardless, he told her: This is what I do. I’m a fighter. I’m 
fighting for you, and I’m fighting for the kids. I’m going to do this. In 
essence, he was telling her: I don’t care how much you protest. I have 
to do this. This is my purpose. 
His wife is bluffing saying: I don’t support this at all.  He leaves, 
calling her bluff. Right before the fight, she shows up at the locker 
room and gives him a hug and kiss, basically letting him know that she 
is submissive at that point. She goes  along with what he’s saying, and 
supports him. He called her bluff and she backed down, accepting that 
he was in his masculine. I think it is a really great example of 
masculine and feminine energy, because again, feminine energy will 
sometimes bluff to test. 
His wife had come to him before the fight, and says she would not 
support it. In other words, she threatened to walk, or not support him if 
he fights. He, again, remains indifferent. He goes anyways, because he 

How To Be A 3% Man 
188  
has to. Because that’s his purpose, that’s his mission, because that’s 
what he must do, as a strong, masculine man. 
He is a superior man who will give everything for his purpose. 
That included his life. That is why men go off to war, and will die 
willingly. It’s because that is just what masculine energy does. You 
must be this way for your lady, or she will never trust your core. 
He is the first of the boxers to walk into the arena. It is completely 
silent, which is something that ha s never happened before. Everybody 
in the crowd really wants him to win, because he is such an underdog. 
Someone shouts out in the crowd: You can do it, Jimmy!  Then the 
whole crowd cheers and goes nuts. 
This is what happens to your lady when you don’t shrink in the 
face of her storm. No matter what she throws at you, she can’t rock 
your boat. She can’t dump you in the water. She can’t knock you over. 
You have to be her rock. 
In the end, Jim wins the fight and he owns his lady’s heart. He 
told her it would be okay and it was. At the end of the movie, they 
rolled the credits. In WWII, he was called to duty, and went to serve 
his country. He served honorably. I’m sure that not only his wife, but 
any other woman will tell her man: Stay here where it is safe. I don’t 
want anything to happen to you. 
But again, masculine energy when it is in its core has to go. Even 
though she would have rather he hadn’t gone off to war, she loved him 
more because he did. He was willing to sacrifice his life and 
everything for his family, and for his country. That makes the feminine 
woman feel safe. He is willing to sacrifice everything to protect her, to 
make sure that she’s okay. He takes all her pain and worry upon 
himself, so she doesn’t have to experience those emotions. 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
189 
Women Don’t Lie – Men Don’t Listen 
She may have told you that she was totally head over heels in love 
with you, and five minutes later sa y she hates your guts. When she 
says she hates your guts – that is what she is feeling right then and 
there in that moment. Five minutes ago when she told you she loved 
you, she did love you five minutes ago. But what she’s feeling right 
now, in this moment, is: I hate your guts. 
Again, it doesn’t matter if you did everything perfect for the first 
ten years you were together. What ma tters is that you screwed up five 
minutes ago, and now there’s hell to pay. Now you have to weather the 
storm, break through her barriers, and get back to her heart. You need 
to get her back in her feminine energy so she can open back up and be 
that playful, beautiful woman you love. You do this by using humor, 
and understanding, and by letting he r know that you are not going 
anywhere until you get to the bottom of it. 
A man usually doesn’t understand it when his woman walks out 
on him. She has been telling him all along: You are never around. You 
never spend any time with me. We never talk. You don’t care about 
what I want . These are the things that a woman does to get your 
attention, and that most guys just completely ignore. They don’t take 
her seriously, invalidating the way she is feeling at the moment. If you 
are invalidating her emotions, and she is an emotionally-based 
creature, how long do you think she is going to take it? 
The Secret Language of Women 
Women have their own secret lang uage, and yet they expect men 
to understand it. Pay attention guys . It is not in what she says, but in 

How To Be A 3% Man 
190  
what she does that is the key to breaking this code. They are more 
subtle in their responses, instead of direct, like men. For example: You 
ask a woman something and she responds with: I’ll think about it. 
It means no. Chances are, she may have put on a bland face to go 
with that remark, but if you are watching closely, you can catch the 
clues in her face. 
If you ask a woman you just met for her phone number and she 
says: Well, I don’t give it out, but why don’t you give me one of your 
business cards? It means: I’m not interested.  As I mentioned before, 
we have trained women not to reject us to our face, so they have had to 
develop more subtle ways of getting around to saying: No. 
It is about understanding what all the cues mean. When a woman 
says: You never listen to me . Or: You never do this for me or that for 
me. In that moment, it is what she’s feeling. It doesn’t mean that you 
have never, ever done this or th at for her. All it means is in that 
moment, you are failing as a man to give the presence to her that she is 
looking for from you.  
That is why women tend to generalize a lot when they are saying 
things. They will say: I can’t stand you , or: You’re such a jerk , or she 
gets really mad and says she hates you. It doesn’t mean that she does 
not love you any more, but right then and there, in that moment, she is 
feeling that she hates your guts because you failed. 
She may be completely shut down to you. By your presence and 
communicating with her, you are going to work to open her back up. 
Once she is back open, she will usually apologize for what she said, 
with something like: I was just really emotional . Or she may be all 
over you and say: I love you! That is just her being a woman. It is part 
of the weathering of the storm. 

Part VIII: Solving the Mystery 
191 
Understanding the secret language  is about understanding what 
her responses mean. Guys think logically, and women think 
emotionally. Most of the time, women giving advice on other women 
are not going to come out and say: Well, she doesn’t like you. They do 
not want to come right out and tell you the things that hurt your 
feelings. 
The more pauses a woman uses during speaking, is an indication 
that she is thinking hard on how to try and word something. Listen 
carefully to her wording at this point. She is trying very hard not to be 
impolite or rude, but the actual word s and where she places inflections 
on those words will tell you exactly what she is trying to say. 
For example, you go up to a woman and say: Is anyone sitting 
here? Compare these statements: No, it’s open . Or she hesitates, 
shrugs, looks down or away and says: … No…It’s open. The first one 
says that the seat is open and you are welcome to sit next to her. The 
second one says: If you really have to. The seat is open, but I’d rather 
you left it that way. 
With a guy, language is like simplistic, straight forward dog 
commands: Sit, stay, lie down, and roll over . With a woman, it is like 
the cat analogy. You have to read her actions. You always judge a 
woman by what she does, and not what she says. If she breaks a date 
and then tells you that she can’t wait to see you again in the same 
sentence – the bottom line is that she still broke the date. That tells me 
that she has a very low level of inte rest and she doesn’t really care to 
see me. When she says: But I can’t wait to see you again , it is her way 
of trying to make you feel good, and not be upset or mad at her for 
breaking the date. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
192  
She hopes you will just figure it out. Women will understand what 
that response means. Most guys don ’t understand what that response 
means. 

 
193 
PART IX: 
TAKING IT TO THE NEXT LEVEL 
Sharing of Yourself 
In past chapters, I have talked about sharing as little information 
about yourself as possible, to be a mystery to a woman, to build the 
anticipation. There will come a time, when you move closer into the 
steps of a committed relationship, that you will be asked to share more 
of who you are with your lady. You may even want to share some of 
those parts of yourself. Now that sh e is head over heels in love with 
you, this is okay. It is not okay, however, to unload all of your 
negative baggage into your lady’s lap for her to deal with. 
At some point in a long term relationship, it is inevitable that 
things are going to come up and you are going to share the challenges 
you have had in your life. If you are going to share all your baggage, 
you want to put a positive spin on it, such as how it helped you grow, 
and how you are a better person because  of it. You don’t want to talk 
negative about things. To give an example: 
Being divorced, I can tell my story in two different ways: 
I was married when I was in my mid-20’s. I married a woman I 
shouldn’t have married. It was not a good marriage. We were always 
fighting, and we didn’t get along. She was always pissing me off. She 
never seemed to make any sense. It was extremely difficult. 
I finally ended up leaving after a year, because I just couldn’t take 
it any more. We even had a dog together. I moved out. She changed 

How To Be A 3% Man 
194  
the locks on me and I couldn’t get my bills. It was a real pain in my 
butt, and I had to call her father to have him help me get my bills. 
Then she started dating anothe r guy, and he was living in my 
house. I was paying for all the utilities and all the bills. After the 
marriage ended, when we finally got the divorce, I didn’t date anybody 
for six months. The whole thing had be en really tough. It beat me up 
emotionally. It took me several years to get over it. I just did not want 
to be in a relationship for many years. 
That is a very negative way to tell the story. The way I have 
always told it is: 
Yes. I was married in my mid-20’s. I married somebody I 
shouldn’t have married. I didn’t love her in the way that she deserved 
to be loved, and vice versa. We were not what each other really 
wanted. The relationship was great , because it helped me grow. 
Eventually I found the strength to st and up for what I really wanted. It 
also helped to give her the freedom to find somebody that was going to 
give her all their attention, all their presence, and all their love, which 
is what she really deserved. It left me free to go out and find somebody 
that I could really be happy with. 
You can put a negative spin on things, or you can put a positive 
spin on it. If you put a negative spin  on it, and you keep talking about 
negative things, you will lower her in terest level. Nobody wants to be 
around someone that is negative all the time. 
One thing that is really big in our culture today is that on all the 
talk shows and movies, the guy is s upposed to talk about his feelings, 
get all his baggage out on the table, and talk about all this crap. At the 
end of the day, if you are always telling your wife or your girlfriend 
something that is negative, and you are constantly putting a negative 

Part IX: Taking It to the Next Level 
195 
spin on it, her interest level is not going to go up. It is not going to 
make her love you more. 
She will appreciate you for being honest, but the effect that it has 
on her level of interest is that it will drop. You will look weak in her 
eyes. She will sense weakness, she will pull away, and she will test 
you more. I think it is good to share things, but before you do, think 
first: If I tell her this, is it going to have a positive effect on her interest 
level towards me, or is it going to have a negative effect? 
If there is a very negative event that you feel the need to share 
with her, put a positive spin on it. Let her know that it’s not deflating 
you, or destroying you. Face it. If you are coming home every single 
day, and talking about all the probl ems, and all the things that are 
going wrong in your life, you are going to lower your wife or your 
girlfriend’s interest in you. 
Love is fun. It is something you are supposed to enjoy. So again, 
think it over: Does she really need to know this information? Is it 
going to help the relationship? Is it going to make her love you more?  
Nine times out of ten, if it’s something negative, the answer is going to 
be: No. 
Yes. I do agree you need to share things, but you have to put a 
positive spin on it. Come from a place of: This is something that really 
helped me grow , or: This challenge we are facing right now – I know 
I’m going to be a better person because of it . If you really want to 
wallow in your sorrow and feel sorry for yourself, those are the things 
you need to do with your guy friends. 
Your guy friends are the ones that will take it for a little while, but 
eventually they are going to tell you: Man, you’ve got to cut this crap 

How To Be A 3% Man 
196  
out. You’re bringing me down. Nobody likes somebody that is always 
a downer. 
The Gift 
You do not buy a woman gifts, esp ecially in the first two months. 
You really don’t buy a woman anything until she is completely head 
over heels in love with you. Don’t send flowers until you are in a 
committed relationship. I used to do this a lot. I used to send flowers 
after the first date. Women respond by saying: Oh, this is so nice…but 
it’s really not helping. You are giving away all the mystery. You are 
letting her know: I really like you. I like you so much that I’m sending 
you flowers. 
It doesn’t leave her wondering. The goal is that you want her to 
wonder. She enjoys discovering her feelings. She enjoys letting those 
feelings grow, and most guys rush in and steal all of her fun. Women 
are just dying to chase the guy. 
Too many guys will start buying expensive jewelry and flowers, 
and all kinds of things. In the firs t two months, especially, those kinds 
of things need to be off limits. Those are the types of things you save 
for special occasions, and only then after her interest level has reached 
95%. 
If she is a giver, you have passed the first couple of months of the 
relationship, and she is totally in l ove with you, she will start buying 
you little things here and there. One thing you can look at is that more 
than likely, in the first 60 days, a woman is not buying you any gifts. 
The important thing is to be a challenge and build that anticipation. 
After you have been together for se veral months, she’s in love with 

Part IX: Taking It to the Next Level 
197 
you, and it’s her birthday…then you can buy her something nice – but 
don’t over do it. 
Guys with money will usually start buying gifts right away. I 
mentioned that one friend of mine ear lier in the book. She has four or 
five different engagement rings she has collected over a few short 
years. Seriously, she will meet a guy and start dating him, and on the 
first, second or third date, he will say: I’m going to marry you , and 
proceed to start buying her jewelry, and necklaces. She hardly knows 
this guy and he is spending thousands and thousands of dollars on gifts 
and trinkets for her. It only shows that you are needy. It is anti-
challenge, and doesn’t build any kind of anticipation. 
You are teaching her early on, to expect these things all of the 
time. Wait at least for the first several months to pass. Until she is 
completely in love with you, don’t buy her anything. It is not going to 
raise her level of interest in you. 
Do not pay her bills, rent, or any of these things unless you are 
actually living together, or you are married. One of the guys I have 
been coaching is a great guy, and very successful. He is also a very 
nice and caring person. He bought this woman he has been seeing an 
engagement ring. It came to the poi nt where he was paying her rent, 
giving her money, and even gave her a job working for one of his 
companies. 
She had not reached the point where her interest level was at 95%. 
She was not head over heels in love with him, and he was doing way 
too much for her, far too soon in  the relationship. She has taken 
advantage of his weakness, and now he has come to me to get it turned 
back around. I have met so many men over the years that, even though 
they are only going out with a woman once in a while, they are paying 

How To Be A 3% Man 
198  
her rent, giving her money, and doing all of these things for her. 
Unless a woman is head over heels in love with you and you are living 
with her, you should not be doing these kinds of things. You are 
showing weakness. She will take advantage of it until she finds 
someone else who can be the strong, centered man that she truly needs 
and wants.  
It Feels Like Making Love 
As with the rest of the relationshi p, you want to move slowly into 
the lovemaking, building the anticipation for it. Also, just like the rest 
of the relationship, the woman will le t you know when she is ready to 
move toward this step. Obviously, l ovemaking is a step that can have 
bigger ramifications on the dating relationship. 
With affection and making love, you want to continue building the 
anticipation. Maybe first going out for dinner, and then you find 
yourself alone with her at your place, or maybe you are back at her 
place. The first stage is just gentle caressing. You are going to kiss her 
for a few minutes, and then stop and back off. Talk for a little while, 
and then grab her and start kissing her again. 
Each time, you go a little bit further. Start kissing her, and show 
her a little affectionate caressing. Run your hands through her hair. 
Touch the back of her neck – that is one of the most sensual places on 
a woman, actually. Run your fingers gently up and down her neck, or 
across her face. Show her a lot of affection and kiss her – and then 
back off, stop, and talk for a little bit more. Take two steps forward, 
one step back. 

Part IX: Taking It to the Next Level 
199 
She may come to you and start kissing you more. Keep building 
anticipation, and take your time. By stopping and leaning back, you 
cause her to want to move forward, and to anticipate it. Eventually, 
you will have her so wound up that she just can’t take it any more. It is 
the whole process. It is the undressing of her clothes. It is just one little 
thing at a time. You are massaging her and caressing her. You are 
running your fingers up and down her arm, touching her hair… 
Most guys go right for the sexual parts. It is sheer anti-
anticipation. If you have done a great job the whole evening, the more 
you wind her up, the better the experience is going to be for her. It is 
ultimately going to be better for you, too. You are going to feel more 
successful. It is easy for a guy to get satisfied by having sex, but for 
the woman, it is the whole process – the backing off a little bit, moving 
forward a little bit. It’s like you take two steps forward, one step back. 
Two steps forward and then one step back. It is a constant building of 
anticipation. 
At the same time, the sensual caressing intermingled with the 
kissing and the talking, opens he r up emotionally. Women have to 
have their emotions engaged before they feel safe with having sex. 
Unless they are looking for meaningless sex, their emotions have to be 
fully engaged. 
By building the anticipation in the way I have described, you are 
actually helping to engage their emotions into the act itself. That is 
when the experience becomes so much more intense for a woman, and 
so much more pleasurable. The anticipation building engages their 
emotions and actually tends to heighten a woman’s sensitivity to the 
intimacy of the sexual act. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
200  
Again, women are emotion-based, and men are purpose-driven. 
When he can really pleasure his lady, a guy feels successful. The more 
pleasure she has, the more successful he feels. 
It is not my intent to go into all the details about sex in this book. I 
have always used this technique in my own relationships, and I’ve 
been amazed by the effect it has. I love it when you are giving your 
woman oral sex, and she just can’t take it any more. She tells you that 
she wants you inside of her. It’s driving her nuts.  
Most of the time, you want to take your time with that. If she says 
she wants you to penetrate her ri ght now, wait a few minutes. Let the 
anticipation build a little bit more. It’s also like when you are having 
sex with a woman, and she says: I want you to cum now. Don’t do that 
on command either; you want to hold off a few minutes. 
It is another subtle way of her te sting your strength, and it builds 
even more anticipation. That was a big one for me. Once I learned that, 
I was amazed at the results. With  one woman I dated, there would 
always be this point when we were having sex and she’d say: I want 
you to cum now . When I first started dating her, I would, and we 
would have our orgasm at the same time. 
One time I decided I was just not going to obey her commands. 
She was on top of me and we just kept going. She had a really good 
orgasm, and said: You haven’t cum yet.  We just kept having sex, and 
she was able to have one after another, just bam, bam, bam, bam, eight 
orgasms. It was amazing. I felt so good about that. 
I loved that I was able to give her so much pleasure. The key was 
in building the anticipation and how I kept building it more and more. 
She tried taking control of the fi nish, and I would give it to her 
eventually, but on my terms. It would be when I was ready to do it. It 

Part IX: Taking It to the Next Level 
201 
drove her wild, as it has every woman I’ve ever been with. That has 
been my experience. 
It also goes back to the woman not being able to have her way 
with you. It makes her feel safe. It makes her completely open up to 
you. They know that you can completely have your way with her and 
still protect her, protect her heart, and make her feel safe. 
One of the other things I would like to point out is that sometimes, 
say when the man’s doing the oral sex thing, and she is saying: I want 
you inside of me right now . Or if you are having sex and she does that 
on-command thing where it’s: I want you to come right now . It may 
not always be because she is trying to test you or take control of the 
sexual act. 
There are situations where the man is just not pleasing her in the 
right way. That is another one of those “secret language of women” 
things. She is trying to move it toward a conclusion, maybe because 
you are not necessarily doing something right. It may be even 
uncomfortable, or sometimes a little painful. Or what you are doing 
could be working, but it’s not working at the level she needs it to be at 
to become fully engaged. 
Rather than assuming that everythi ng is being done right and just 
holding back, one of the things you may want to try is to do something 
different than what you were alread y doing. Try a different stroke, or 
shift position a little bit. See if she pulls you back to what you were 
doing, or see if she is better enjoying the new thing. Sometimes a 
woman is directing you to get it over with, because you are not 
satisfying her the way she wants to be satisfied. 
Every woman is different. Some like it one way, and some like it 
another way. Some go bananas with oral sex, some go bananas when 

How To Be A 3% Man 
202  
they’re on top, and some go bananas with doggie style. They are all 
different. With some of them, their nipples are extremely sensitive and 
it drives them berserk to touch th em, and some it doesn’t do much for 
at all. 
Using the same technique with each woman is neither good nor 
bad. Again, you should be watching  for her response. Watch her 
interest level. Because if you ar e doing something that she does not 
like, you will see her become distracted. You will see that she is either 
trying to direct you into a different direction, or she’s just trying to get 
it over with, or she may become distracted. Pay attention. It is a 
constant watching of the interest level, even when you are making 
love. 
The Final Commitment 
So how do you know when it is time to propose? Once again, the 
woman will let you know. Basically, women are going to say things 
along the lines of: When are we getting married? Are we ever going to 
get married? Where is this going?  This is obviously after they are in 
love. This is their way of saying: I’m ready. 
Now, the question: Where is this going?  That could also apply to 
the transitional phase we were talk ing about before, and not just to 
marriage. It could mean: Are we just going to keep on dating, or are 
we going to move into a more committed type relationship?  But if you 
have been paying attention to a ll her signs of interest, you should 
know very well what your woman is asking you. 
If there is any doubt, or even if you just want to be playful, you 
could always respond to that question with: Well, what do you mean?  

Part IX: Taking It to the Next Level 
203 
Then her real meaning or intent behind that will come out. She will let 
you know. Women usually get to a certain point where they say: 
Unless we get married…  Basically, they just come out and give a guy 
an ultimatum, eventually.  
I have a story that illustrates the importance of watching all the 
signs a woman is giving you. It dem onstrates the necessity of always 
paying attention to her interest le vel. Too many men project their own 
interest level onto a woman and just assume she is as interested in him 
as he is in her. 
I was on a cruise back in 2001, over in Europe. I was doing a lot 
of advertising on one of the local television stations and I was there 
with my business partner. There wa s also another guy on the cruise, a 
very well known doctor. 
He was on the cruise with his wi fe. She was a former model, and 
drop dead gorgeous. I always love talking to women. This was back 
when I was really starting to get things, so we were sitting there 
talking. I have this way with women, where I can just pull this stuff 
out of them. She just opened right up. 
She told me about how they met, and that they dated for a couple 
of years. She also proceeded to tell me that when she married him, she 
wasn’t even in love with him. It got me thinking. He was completely 
successful, and observation told me he was not a completely centered 
guy. She had been married to him for two years before she actually, 
finally fell in love with him. 
That is why it is so important to pay attention to all the signs of a 
woman’s interest level in you. Ther e are women out there that will 
date and marry guys when they are not in love with them. It doesn’t 
matter whether it is low self-esteem, or they are looking for security. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
204  
You want to marry somebody that is head over heels in love with you. 
This guy happened to luck out. 
Just imagine. All the time he wa s dating her he had no idea. He 
married her, she went along with it, and he had no idea. He may still 
not even know that it wasn’t until two years after they were married 
that she actually fell in love with him. What if she had never fallen in 
love with him? He would have neve r experienced the bliss of being in 
love and what it is really like. 
It is a perfect example of a guy completely focused on his own 
high interest level, and how he projected it onto his girlfriend, his 
fiancé, and his wife. That’s why what I have been telling you all along 
is so important. Obviously she wasn’t saying: When are we going to 
get married?  He was completely driving the whole relationship, and 
she was just kind of going along with everything. 
I didn’t ask her that specific question, but I suspect she wasn’t the 
one to initiate the thoughts of marriag e. I could just tell as soon as I 
met her husband. I sized him up and could feel his energy. He is a very 
successful doctor, don’t get me wrong. He just had no idea how to read 
her level of interest. She told me that she pretty much went along with 
everything he wanted to do, even when she wasn’t in love with him. 
I could remember thinking: Why would you marry a guy if you 
weren’t in love with him?  Luckily for him, she eventually did fall in 
love with him. You see some of these guys out there that have 
achieved a tremendous level of succ ess, but they get married to 
someone who’s basically with them for the security aspect of it. It is 
not what I would want to do. When you are with someone who is head 
over heels in love with you, they are a lot more fun to be with than 
with someone that’s just kind of dating you.  

 
205 
PART X: KEEPING IT ALL TOGETHER 
The Care and Feeding of Women 
I want to go back to revisit the concept of how beautiful women 
bluff in order to test you. For example, the woman I met on the retreat 
who basically kept saying: I don’t like you. I’m going to leave. You’re 
a jerk . You can’t allow yourself to be affected by a woman. That is 
one of the important points I want to make about the care and feeding 
of women. 
If a woman’s interest level is  above 51% and you are doing 
everything right, she will not find herself able to walk away from you. 
She will be drawn back to you, a nd will probably not even understand 
why. That pure, feminine core will react to your strong, masculine 
center, and she will not be able to turn away from you. It is like a moth 
to a flame, although in this case, the flame is not danger, it is safety. 
She is drawn to you; instinctively knowing deep inside that you can 
make her feel safe. The only way she will be able to walk away and 
stay away is if her interest level is below 51%. If she doesn’t come 
back, her interest level was never above 51% to begin with. 
When I first started understanding  all of these concepts, I was 
scared to death to try this one out. It was the exact opposite of 
everything I had come to believe about women. I tried it anyway, and 
was amazed at how well it worked. A woman is just unable to walk 
away from a strong, centered guy that is doing everything right to 
show her that he is in his masculine. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
206  
The concepts I have taught you from the beginning of this book 
need to be applied throughout your  dating and relationship life. This 
includes having fun, listening to your lady and really hear what she is 
saying, always judging her level of interest, continuing to build the 
anticipation, remaining in your masculine, staying in your center, and 
never letting a woman push you off that center. A relationship is an 
on-going joy of giving of yourself, and giving to your lady. It also 
means knowing who you are and what you want out of life, and when 
to walk away if you are not getting what you need to be happy. 
If you are doing everything right, and you know you are doing 
everything right? Some women are going to stick around, and some of 
them are going to walk away. Sometimes when they walk away it is 
only a bluff. Remember Cinderella Man , when his wife refused to 
support him, and she wasn’t going to come to the fight, or even listen 
to it on the radio…? 
She did come to the fight. She did wish him well. When she went 
back to the house, she did listen to the fight on the radio, even though 
she said she wasn’t going to do it. It was her way of bluffing and 
testing, and he did not let it affect him. It is important to keep in mind 
that if a woman walks, there is another bus coming by in fifteen 
minutes. Don’t get hung up on one single woman when you are in the 
dating world. 
Guys have to understand that women are going to do what they 
want, when they want, and with who they want. The bottom line is – 
well, that IS the bottom line. If you can grasp this concept, then all you 
need to do is to be a 3% man, a nd gently urge the woman or women 
you are interested in into the heights of anticipation that make you 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
207 
what it is they want, and who they want to do it with. You do this by 
following all of the things I have laid out in these pages. 
Remember, human beings only retain  about 10% of what we read 
or hear for the first time. So you will want to read this book at least ten 
times. All the books I have learned the most from are the ones I have 
read 10-15-20 times. When you own this material and you can live it, 
it becomes you. You own it. You just instinctively know, right away, 
where your lady’s level of interest is. 
When a woman asks you: Do you think I look fat in these jeans?  
That is a loaded question. If she does look fat in the jeans, and you tell 
her: No, she’s going to say: You are not being honest . If you tell her: 
Yes, you do look fat in the jeans, she’s going to say: You’re mean. How 
could you say that? 
If your girlfriend or wife needs to lose weight, or if you feel she 
needs to exercise more, remember again that the feminine heart grows 
through praise. Avoid answering a question where there is no right 
answer or the only answers to that question are wrong answers. I will 
come back with something along the lines of: Honey, those jeans 
aren’t really important to me. I will tell you what I think is sexy: When 
I see you all sweaty in your workout outfit coming home from the gym. 
I just want peel off those sweaty clothes and have my way with you. 
That is praising her by saying: I really like it when you work out. I 
think it’s sexy when you are in your workout clothes and are working 
out. As opposed to saying: Boy, your ass is really fat . Through praise, 
you are telling her what it is that you like, and what it is that you want. 
If she is in the 90% to 95% interest level category, she wants to 
make you happy. So she is going to exercise, and she’s going to go on 

How To Be A 3% Man 
208  
a diet. She is going to lose the weight and do these things because you 
praised her in the right way. 
A former girlfriend of mine used to come over to my house and 
exercise. She had gained a little bit of extra weight and would say: Do 
you think I need to lose weight? I responded to that by saying: You use 
my treadmill all the time. What I really want is to see you on my 
treadmill, running naked. I think that is really sexy.  That is how you 
need to respond to those types of loaded questions. 
She giggled and laughed. The next time I saw her on the treadmill, 
I said: Why do you have your clothes on?  She said: Because I’m 
working out.  I replied: I told you I want to see you on there naked. 
That would be really sexy . She kind of chuckled and laughed. It was a 
playful way of saying: Hey, I really like what you’re doing. I really 
like the fact that you are taking care of yourself. 
Keeping the Magic Alive 
I have mentioned this in its various aspects throughout the book: 
In order to keep the magic alive, you need to recognize where your 
lady’s level of interest in you is at. The simple concept is that what you 
do to get your lady to fall in love with you is what you have to do to 
keep her. If you don’t date your wi fe or your girlfriend, some other 
guy eventually will. 
One of the things I use a lot is humor, especially if I have done 
something that has really pissed my girlfriend off. After I know I have 
apologized appropriately for it, a lot of times I’ll bring humor into it. 
I’ll tease her. I’ll banter back and forth just to get her to loosen up and 
get back into her feminine. My goal is to loosen her up to where she 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
209 
can be playful again. It is really important to use humor and be playful, 
and to not take things seriously. After all, the couple that plays 
together stays together. 
It is very important to do these things. It makes life so easy. Now 
you know what to do with your wife. You have to basically treat her as 
you did when you were courting he r. You have to start dating her 
again. Then she will fall back in love with you and everything else will 
fall into place. 
You are always going to be reading your woman’s level of interest 
in you, even if you have been married for 40 to 50 years. It is about 
keeping the romance alive, and playing together. The couple that plays 
together, stays together. This is so true. What you do to get her, is what 
you are going to have to do to keep her. As you long as you stay in 
your center and do not become complacent, the testing will be 
minimal. If the testing starts, you know you are not doing something 
right, and you need to switch gears. Recognize it for what it is: An 
opportunity for growth and change from stagnation and complacency. 
One acquaintance of mine has been married to her husband for 
several years. They were strugglin g for a while, and both of them had 
to take on second jobs. It crea ted a rut in an otherwise good 
relationship, which started her husband’s slip downward into the pitfall 
of complacency. In the meantime, sh e was out waiting tables, and had 
a handful of regulars where she received the playful bantering she was 
missing from her husband. 
There was one really good looking guy in particular that came up 
regularly to flirt and banter with her. One morning, she woke up after 
having a particularly erotic dream that involved this good looking guy. 
She decided to use it to test her husband, and give him one of those 

How To Be A 3% Man 
210  
subtle women warning signs that she wasn’t happy. She told him about 
the erotic dream involving one of her good looking customers, going 
even further to describe it as a very intense, sexual dream. She wanted 
to see how he would react. 
Instead of pulling the jealousy thing, or even getting mad about it, 
his response to her was: Why don’t you come here and show me what 
happened in your dream?  She tested him, and he remained in his 
center. It was a great way for him to handle the situation. Not only did 
he pass the testing, but he mana ged to replace her fantasy, the 
incidental dream, with him now in the starring role of her fantasy 
brought to life. 
Basically, the way her husband responded was: Oh really? It’s as 
though she had gone to a male strip bar, became really turned on, came 
home, and he said: Hey, if that’s what turns you on, come and share it 
with me. I’m ready to receive it. I’m a superior man. I’m not going to 
get jealous of this guy you had in your dreams. I’m not going to get 
jealous of the guy you met in the market.  
Women sometimes try to make their men jealous to shake them 
out of their complacency. If the man responds in the way this woman’s 
husband did, she not only has the result she was looking for, but he 
never wavered off his center and now she was fully back in her 
feminine and open to him. When me n respond badly to this kind of 
testing, women see it as a sign of weakness and neediness, and will 
test even more. 
I love it when I see other guys staring at my girlfriend. To me it is 
a compliment, because I know who she is with, and at the end of the 
night, I know she is coming home with me. We will go out to dinner, 
to seminars, or wherever, and the guys are all trying to flirt with my 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
211 
girlfriend. I’ll sit back and watch this happening. She will even tell 
them: That’s my boyfriend over there , and they just completely ignore 
it. They continue on with their bad act, hoping she’s going to slide 
them her phone number or whatever. And I know she’s going home 
with me. 
What if she was to do something inappropriate, when she was 
supposed to be totally in love with me? Then that is not the type of 
person I want to be with long term, anyway. I had a girl that I dated 
once that when I pissed her off, she would start hitting on my friends. 
I remember once when we had just finished an amazing weekend 
together, and I had done something that  upset her. This is when I was 
still learning. She called one of my best friends that still worked for me 
at the time, and asked to meet him out for drinks. It was her way of 
trying to make me jealous. I could never be with a woman like that, 
because I would have to always sleep with one eye open. What would 
happen if I married someone like that ? I’d be away at a seminar or 
business meeting, and would be wondering the whole time: What is 
she doing at home while I’m not there?  
That is one of the things I have on my list. I don’t want somebody 
who is devious or dishonest. That was a quality that she had in spades. 
She learned it from her parents, be cause her parents did the same 
thing. They were always keeping secrets and lying to one another 
about the most stupid, little things . She learned to be manipulative 
form them: I’ll get another guy to try and make him jealous.  That was 
a total turn-off. 
Normally, though, like I’ve said before, that stuff shouldn’t sway 
you. It doesn’t get a superior man off center, or out of his masculinity, 

How To Be A 3% Man 
212  
or rock his boat in the stormy ocean. It is a test: Does this make you 
jealous? 
The man who’s wife had the dream handled it in such a way that 
he didn’t get jealous, but he let her know that he wanted to be that 
focus of her attention. To continually blow it off when your woman is 
saying something to you, to never show any concern for whatever it is 
she needs from you to cause her to test you in the first place, is a signal 
to a woman that you don’t care, or you are too complacent. As I 
mentioned earlier, once you are in y our relationship, your lady wants 
your attention all the time. 
Polarity is the Key to Maintaining Desire 
I also want to revisit the discussion on masculine and feminine 
energy. The energy interacts a little differently in the long term 
relationship, than it is viewed in the dating relationship. 
Most women have a fantasy about being dominated. A woman 
wants the man to take control and handle everything. She has nothing 
to worry about, because he takes away  all of her pain and worry. She 
wants to submit to all his love and strength, when he is centered and in 
his core. 
After he has had a long day a nd comes home stressed, his lady, 
with a heart that is completely open, comes over and pours herself all 
over him with her beautiful feminine energy. It actually melts his 
stress away. There is only one way she is going to get to that place. 
She can only do that when she feels that he has completely taken over 
everything and she can be completely in her feminine and know her 
man is going to handle everything. 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
213 
She can be playful, loving, and an absolute joy to be around. The 
guy is her rock, and she is his joy . A woman needs to feel as though 
no matter what happens, the bills, the rent, the things going on in 
everyday life, it is all taken care of. When I talk about a man taking a 
woman’s pain away, it is all in their communication. No matter what 
goes on, how horrible her day has bee n, or how bad she feels, her man 
needs to know how to talk to her. He needs to know how to pull it out 
of her, how to open her up, and how to make her feel like he 
understands her. 
So, even if everything is hitting the fan at work, and the bills are 
behind, it doesn’t move him off center. He is the rock. When he is the 
rock, she doesn’t have to worry about  anything. Even if things aren’t 
going well, she knows he will somehow find a way to turn it around. 
If he is confident, says he is going to get things turned around, 
tells her not to worry about it, and she knows he can do that, she feels 
comfortable in opening up and basking in her feminine energy. As I 
have said, there is nothing more beautiful to me than a woman that is 
completely in her feminine, completely open. It is so alluring and so 
sexy to be drawn in by a woman like that. 
This is in complete opposition to the woman I mentioned before 
where being with her was so hard to get her to get into her feminine. 
Even though she was physically stunni ng and perfect, I was, as a man, 
not extremely attracted to her. It was too much work to get her to get 
into her feminine. She was too business-oriented and in her masculine. 
It was so much work dating her that I had to stop. 
In some rarer cases, there are those women that need a man to be 
more in his, well, not in his masculine. Maybe she needs to have a man 
more in his feminine to counteract who she is. Maybe that’s who she 

How To Be A 3% Man 
214  
wants in life. There are some guys out there that would rather be in the 
submissive role. There are men that are more in their feminine, and 
there are men that are completely in their masculine. There are women 
that are very less in their feminine than they are in their masculine, so 
they are going to attract those kind of energies. But it’s the essence of 
the core of the individual that needs to be paid attention to. 
For example, my core essence is masculinity. If you are 
completely in your masculine, you have to have a woman that is 
completely in her feminine. But if  you are a guy that is kind of 
halfway in your feminine, halfway in you masculine, then you’re 
going to be attracted to a woman that meshes with those core energies. 
The problem is that it’s going to be difficult to maintain polarity. 
That was what happened with this girl I was just telling you about. I 
had to work to get the polarity. The polarity wasn’t there. So even 
though she was beautiful and drop dead gorgeous, I was just not drawn 
to her, because she was so into her masculine and it was too weird for 
me. It sort of turned my stomach and made me uneasy. It turned me off 
totally to who she was. 
For most women, their natural essence is feminine. For most men, 
their natural essence is masculine. When a very feminine woman 
meets a guy whose essence really is masculine, but he is in his 
feminine when he approaches women, inside, she’s naturally going to 
go: Ewww.  
He may look like Brad Pitt, but she’s going to have the same 
experience I had with the woman I was talking about. Even though her 
looks are physically beautiful, it makes it impossible to date her at that 
point. When a guy is in his feminine, even though he may be 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
215 
physically attractive to a woman that is very in her feminine, she is just 
not going to engage her emotions and be drawn to that guy. 
From my experience, when a guy is really feminine at his core, 
and the woman is really feminine at her core, the polarity dissipates. I 
have seen relationships where th ese people are together and the 
woman is in charge and wears the pants in the family. Unfortunately, 
in my personal experience, it has been where the guy is a masculine 
guy, like the father of the woman that is more in her masculine. Her 
father was a masculine guy. When he is out with his guy friends, he is 
a guys’ guy. But when he is with his wife, he’s not comfortable with 
his masculinity. Most likely, he had a very domineering mother. 
So they’ve been married for about 30 something years, but the 
polarity is not there. I mean, you can see what happens. The two start 
to look more and more alike. When the polarity is not there, the 
woman will often cut her hair real short, and many times will stop 
wearing make up. She doesn’t put her femininity out there because 
she’s been shut down so much by the weakness of the man she has 
chosen to be with, that she no longer feels attractive. She doesn’t even 
try to get his presence any more, because she’s just basically given up 
and resigned herself to the way that things are going to be. 
A woman that is completely in her feminine feels very feminine. 
If she feels loved and adored by her husband – she will tend to keep 
her hair long. She will most likely wear make up. She often dresses up. 
She does the things that a feminine woman does. 
You can go to the mall and tell which couples have been together 
for a long time. You will see the two of them with those t-shirts on that 
say: I’m with stupid , each one pointing at the other. Both are wearing 
baggy clothes and t-shirts, and they look alike. There is no polarity in 

How To Be A 3% Man 
216  
left in their relationship. They may have sex occasionally for a release, 
but they just don’t treat each other the same as they did when they first 
started going out. 
Here is another example. I have a friend of mine, who is a very 
masculine guy, but is a total wimp  when he’s around his wife. They 
have two kids together. When they first met, she was in very good 
shape, long red hair, and she wore make up. He was very weak, and let 
her run the household. 
She finally cut off all of he r hair, stopped wearing make up, 
stopped taking care of herself, and became very bitchy, and very 
resentful. The last I heard, they have been married for like 10 to 12 
years, and they haven’t had sex in four years. They are staying in it for 
the kids. 
This book is primarily geared toward guys that are naturally in 
their masculine, and women that are naturally in their feminine. It is 
for helping guys become who they are really meant to be. It’s about 
becoming the man you really are inside.  
I am talking about learning how to experience crazy, head over 
heels in love with the person you are with. When you have polarity, 
the guy is centered and in his masculinity, and the woman is in her 
femininity, they can’t get enough of each other. That is the goal, to get 
people to that place, where they can have those kinds of relationships. 
It is not about just kind of ha nging out and having a mediocre 
relationship. 
There are couples out there where he is more of a feminine guy, 
and the woman is more of a ma sculine woman, and they have 
polarities that way. It tends to be rarer, and I would say that more than 
likely, those two people have a g ood understanding of relationships, 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
217 
where they own the essence of who they are. But the majority of 
people in society end up adopting a “mask”, so to speak. 
To give an example: Women, because they are in the workplace 
and career, have to take on this masculine mask so they can compete in 
the business world. Even as far as things have come – affirmative 
action and the whole nine yards, there is still a lack of equality in the 
marketplace. Many women, in order to adapt to that, take on a 
masculine mask. It also depends on how they were raised. 
It is the same with guys. There are a lot of guys that are masculine 
at their core, but because of how they were raised and how they’ve 
associated different meanings to things, they take on a feminine mask, 
when they really are a masculine guy at heart. 
So when you get these “masked” people that meet each other, 
well, it’s like my friend I was telling you about. She is a very feminine 
woman, but she definitely wore a masculine mask, and that was how 
she was raised: You have to grow up. You have to be successful. You 
have to have a career. You have to be driven. 
When she was in her late 20’s, at that time, she kept dating these 
guys that were 10-15-20 years older than she is. All these guys wore a 
feminine mask, like her father had. She was never fulfilled, and never 
passionate, I mean really passionate about these guys, but that was part 
of the problem. Look what happened when she met a guy like me: I’m 
interested, she’s beautiful, she’s an amazing woman, but it was just too 
much work to be with her. She didn’t know how to come out from 
behind the masculine mask. 
Women find this, too. When they meet a guy that is a great guy, 
but he is too much into his feminine… well, nobody wants to have to 
fix the other person to make them into what they ideally want. There 

How To Be A 3% Man 
218  
are people out there that try to fix pe ople they get in relationships with 
and we all know that never works out. 
It happens too often in society, so this book is about teaching guys 
to own the essence of who they are. That is the important thing. So if 
they are more of a feminine guy than they are a masculine guy, and 
they own that essence? They are going to go out and find a woman that 
is more in her masculine essence than she is in her feminine essence. 
And he’s going to be really drawn to her, and they’re going to have 
polarity, because he owns who he is, and because she owns who she is.   
Become Comfortable Being Yourself 
I am going to say this again, because it is such an important point 
to make: When you own this material and you can live it, it becomes 
you. You just own it. You just instinctively know, right away, where 
your lady’s level of interest is.  
Even the guys that really understand women can’t really tell you 
specifically what you have to do. They just own their masculinity, they 
own their strength, and they own their core, their purpose and direction 
in life. They are naturally confident with women, because they grew 
up in a very loving household, or worked hard at discovering how to 
get to where they are at. 
You become comfortable with being yourself. You make it part of 
who you are. Sooner or later you own it. And you have to own it, 
because if you can’t maintain it later in the relationship, if you ever let 
it down, you will not be the person she thought you were in the first 
place. She will see weakness and test and pull away, causing you to 
start to pursue, which in turn drives her away even more. 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
219 
One of the last things I want to mention here is about making 
lasting change. Why should a guy do these things? The simple answer 
is: The definition of insanity is to continue doing the same things over 
and over again and expect to get different results . You have to ask 
yourself: Has what you have been doing in the dating world or your 
relationships in the past worked to  the point where you have the type 
of relationship that you really know you deserve in your life?  
Obviously if you are reading this book, then the answer is: No.  
The Many Faces of Endings 
Another thing that should be common sense is don’t try to keep 
someone who doesn’t want to keep you. In other words, don’t pursue a 
woman who is not reciprocating a high  level of interest back at you. 
That is the cornerstone of all this information: Always continue 
reading her level of interest in you. 
Once a guy really understands women and is able to get into a 
relationship, they are going to realiz e, as I did, that every relationship 
is an opportunity for growth. Just because you absolutely adore and 
treasure the person you are with, doesn’t mean you are going to spend 
the rest of your life with this person, or that you are going to marry 
her. You may start dating a woman a nd think for the first few months 
that this is your soulmate and you’re going to spend the rest of your 
life together. In a true relationship, people either grow together, or they 
grow apart. 
By understanding this information, y ou will at least be able to be 
in a relationship with someone you absolutely love, and treasure, and 
adore. They can help you become and understand the type of man you 

How To Be A 3% Man 
220  
are totally capable of becoming. At the same time, you inspire and 
help her grow into everything she is capable of becoming as a woman. 
That was what happened with my  last girlfriend. She was from 
London, and to make a long story short, since this information was 
shared earlier in the book, it worked better for her to get her degree 
back in the U.K., than it did for her to get it here in the States. 
It was basically why I told her I wanted to see other people. Since 
she is going to be going to school over there, I don’t want to go from 
spending two to three months at a time with someone to seeing them 
for ten days every three months. It is not what I wanted. 
When we ended our relationship, it was hard. It was hardest 
because we really, truly loved each other, but neither one of us was at 
the place where we were ready to get married. I made that mistake 
once when I was in my mid-20’s. It’s funny how life brings back 
around situations in our lives that are similar to those we experienced 
before. I would not want to make  the same mistake with my ex-
girlfriend from London. I love her, and I wouldn’t change anything 
about her. She is a perfect girl. 
One of the things I learned, because we talked a lot through this 
whole process of the break up, was how to end a relationship on a note 
of love. When a couple breaks up, often one person or both people 
walk away and hate each other, or are mean to each other. The great 
thing was that we loved each other so much, that we didn’t want to 
lose what we had. The only thing we lost was the physical intimacy. 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
221 
The Ten Disciplines of Love 
A friend of mine went to a Tony  Robbins event on relationships 
and shared some of her notes w ith me upon her return. The base 
information correlated so well with what I have been trying to share 
with you throughout this book, that I felt it made a wonderful 
summary of ways to deal with an on-going relationship. Below is a 
paraphrasing of those important concepts in the context of what I have 
already been teaching to you. 
The ten disciplines of love are those things that you should focus 
on to keep the magic alive after she is in love with you. These are not 
things you do with somebody you just started dating. It is only after 
she has reached that magical 95% in terest level that you should start 
implementing these disciplines as a part of your relationship life. Her 
heart needs to be completely opened and engaged. 
 
1. Discipline of Selflessness 
• You go to a relationship to give 
• Put your lovers needs first 
• Not about you 
• It’s about what you give not what you get 
• When you are feeling pain you are focused on yourself. 
• When you are feeling pain start focusing on the other 
person. 
 
You are there to give to the other person in the 
relationship. It’s not about you. You are just focused on 
giving, because that’s who you are. You don’t care about 
what comes in return. If you are feeling pain, thinking: I’m 

How To Be A 3% Man 
222  
doing this, I’m doing that for this person . You are focused 
on what you’re getting instead of what you are giving. You 
go to a relationship to give. You are not there to focus on 
what is coming in return. 
If you are feeling pain in your relationship, it’s a sign 
that you are not giving to your lover or your girlfriend, 
what you need to be giving. It means give her your 
presence. Make her laugh, show her a good time, take her 
out for fun, it means doing all the little things that make 
your partner happy. 
2. Discipline of loving no matter what 
• Withholding your gift is the only source of pain 
• To withhold your gift is not to be who you really are 
• With real love you will love through joy, pain, and fear 
because love penetrates everything. 
 
When it talks about withholding  your gift, if you have 
something to say and it’s really bothering you, get it off 
your chest, but do it in a positive manner. If you have 
something you want to share, or tell your partner, just do it. 
Guys who apply these concepts get to the point where 
they can just give of who they are and not worry about 
what is coming in return. When you want to share 
something and you hold it in, it becomes uncomfortable. 
You are afraid of giving or sharing, because you’re afraid 
of how the other person’s going to react. You need to just 
allow yourself to be who you are. 
3. Discipline of being yourself 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
223 
• Emanating and expressing your true essence and true core. 
• Playing small never serves anybody. 
 
You have to be the person you were meant to be. By 
holding things inside and s acrificing who you are to be 
someone you’re not because you think that’s what someone 
else wants of you, it will make  neither person happy. The 
whole goal is to get to the place where you are comfortable 
being yourself, and you are indifferent and unaffected by 
all the tests your woman throws at you. 
4. Discipline of presence and playfulness  
• If you are a guy be her mountain, nothing shakes you 
• If you are a woman be his joy, playfulness is the gift of life. 
 
The man is a rock, the woman is his joy. Joy is the 
playfulness of love.  
5. Discipline of positive intent 
• Eliminate the threats and judgments and remember the 
power of language. 
• Never make your partner wrong. 
• Know their soul. 
• People at their core are good. Evil is good gone wrong. 
• You choose who you are at every moment. 
 
Think about the words you are saying, and the effect it 
will have on your partner. Before you say anything, put 
yourself in your partner’s shoes, and imagine how it would 
feel to have those things said to you. Don’t argue with your 
girlfriend or your wife, because you are never going to win 
anyways. 

How To Be A 3% Man 
224  
6. Discipline of loving truth 
• Vulnerability is power. 
• Give the gift of heart-felt honesty and commit to expressing 
it openly in this moment. 
• Don’t let things build up. 
 
To be a woman is to be feminine. It’s being open and 
it’s being receptive. That is very powerful. It is the true 
essence of who she is. For a guy being vulnerable is putting 
his self on the line, putting his self out there for potential 
rejection. You are expressing who you are inside, and while 
there is the potential for pain, there is also the potential for 
great pleasure in expressing who you are. 
7. Discipline of freedom 
• Power of forgiving, forgetting and flooding. 
• Flooding yourself with positive emotions and feelings. 
• Pain can only be found in yesterday’s sorrows or 
tomorrow’s concerns. 
• Flood yourself now with the beauty and magic of your life 
 
Flood yourself with positive emotions. Think about all 
of the good things in your life, past and present, and bring 
the feelings associated with these things into you. For all 
the wonderful things in your life, be grateful. For example: 
Be grateful that you are re ading this book and learning all 
of this wonderful information! 
8. Discipline of daily passion and intimacy  
• Open your heart and hold nothing back 
• Fear and hurt imprison the heart. 

Part X: Keeping It All Together 
225 
• Do the opposite of what they tell you and passion will 
grow.  When she says “nothing’s wrong” – dig deeper until 
you find out what that is. 
 
What you fear, you attract. Fear is only an illusion. 
9. Discipline of utilization  
• Power of higher meaning and constant growth. 
• There is a plan don’t push against it but go with it. 
• Find the good and beauty in everything and use it to expand 
your love. 
 
Life is like floating down a stream. If you try to swim 
upstream, you are going against the current and will only 
wear yourself out. In other words, go with the flow! 
10. Discipline of gratitude  
• Appreciation is the power. 
• Experience life’s greatest blessings now. 
• Be an appreciator of all good things you have in your life. 
 

How To Be A 3% Man 
226  

 
227 
CONCLUSION 
Once you master the understanding of women and feel your true 
center, it will spill over into other areas of your life. You will feel 
confident beyond anything you have  ever felt before. You will feel 
more like a complete man and the inner strength that may have been 
somewhat dormant will come alive. This inner strength will cause you 
to strive to be more and to contri bute more to yourself and others. It 
will be a feeling of peace and satisfaction because you now have a new 
understanding. 
For me, it felt as though the chains on my heart were broken and I 
was able to become so much more of a man than I had ever dreamed 
of being. As you walk around and pay attention, you will start to 
notice how many people need this information. You may find yourself 
wanting to help those that want to  be helped. Most importantly, living 
these principles of being a 3% man will unconsciously give permission 
to others to be like you. 
People will start coming to you for advice because they will want 
to emulate your success with wo men. You become comfortable in 
your own skin and in being yourself. You will give your gifts to the 
world and your lady and will be indifferent to what comes in return. In 
other words, you are not attached to results and are not disappointed 
when a woman rejects you, has no inte rest in you, tests you, or things 
do not work out the way you wanted them to. 
You accept what has shown up in your life as the way it’s 
supposed to be and simply make the choices that continue to move you 
in the direction of what you really want. When your lady tests you, 
you will see it coming and find it cute, because you know exactly how 

How To Be A 3% Man 
228  
to pass her test with ea se and have her come running back. Her tests 
are small and you pass them with ease. If you ever become 
complacent, you will recognize that her tests are becoming harder and 
instantly know what to do to turn it around. 
You have become a 3% man. 
 
 
 
If you know of anyone that you think may be interested 
in this book, or could benefit from what you have read 
here, please send them to my website, 
www.Unde
rstandingRelationships.com. If you are 
completely determined to take this information to the 
next level, my audio home study course is the way, 
www.UnderstandingRelationships.com/audio.html.  If 
you have read this book and you really need some help 
integrating these concepts, or need some help to turn 
things around in your relationship fast, I also do one-
on-one phone coaching on a first come first serve basis, 
as my schedule permits. You will find the information 
on phone coaching on my website at, 
www.UnderstandingRelationships.com/coaching.html. I 
am happy to help you, and help any others to find the 
power in their lives that I have found in mine. I salute 
you for having the courage to take your power back, 
and become the person you were meant to be.

 
 

 
  
 

